Today I'm going to be giving you the
first look at anti-gravity, a brand new
product by Google DeepMind built for
developers. And it combines the best of
all worlds. It's both an editor, an
agent manager orchestration system, and
a browser all in one product surface.
So to start, we're going to open up the
anti-gravity app, and we're going to go
through the onboarding. So let's click
next. Personally, I'm a light mode guy.
So, let's head over to default light
mode and click that sign in with Google
button. So, you'll just use your normal
Gmail account. Click sign in. And this
will pop us back into anti-gravity. All
right. So, now we're logged in. We're
going to introduce you to a key concept
of anti-gravity, which is that there are
three main surfaces on which you can get
your work done. The first one is called
the agent manager. This is a place for
you to manage and create agents across
all of your workspaces. There is one
agent manager window. Now, if you want
to get into the code, if you want to
take over from the agent, for example,
and bring that task from 90% to 100%.
You can at any point press commande or
press the open and editor button. And
this will take you into the anti-gravity
editor, which has things like tab,
autocomplete, the agent sidebar,
everything you've come to know and love
inside of your editor products. And
finally, there is a browser. [music]
This is a brand new offering that
incorporates an agent directly inside of
Chrome. So you can ask questions like
test my feature and the agent manager or
the editor will spawn a browser and
click on the screen, scroll on the
screen to basically test the products
that you're building. So this is a
really really powerful way to bring all
that context, that rich context of
applications and docs directly into the
agent. So we're going to go with agent
assisted development. What this means is
the LLM will automatically decide if
something is worth our attention. If
something is very very easy, the agent
will just go off and implement it and
come back at the end. But for some
things that are more complicated or if
it has questions, it might ask us, hey,
why don't you take a look at this,
answer a few questions about your
codebase that I couldn't figure out, and
then go off and execute. So, it's a
different way of working. This is my
preferred way. So, now that we finished
onboarding, let's go ahead and get
started on our first project.
You'll notice on the left side there is
a sidebar and we're going to go ahead
and add a new workspace. We're going to
be working locally instead of an SSH. So
we'll press open folder and let's create
a new folder. We'll just call it flight
tracker. And today we're going to be
building a flight tracker app [music]
where a user can add their flight number
and it will directly integrate with your
Google calendars to basically add that
flight information to your calendar
directly. Build me a flight lookup
next.js JS web app where the user can
put in a flight number and the app gives
you the start time, end time, time
zones, start location, and end location
of the [music] flight. For now, use a
mock API that returns a list of matching
flights. Display the search results
under the form input.
So, it's going [music] to start and
remember the setting that we chose for
the agent to be making decisions on the
user's behalf. Because we chose that
auto setting, this means that the agent
is capable of running terminal commands
on our behalf without our approval. Now,
if this command was something a bit more
sophisticated, we want to build that
trust with you as the user. And so,
we'll obviously notify you to approve or
deny that specific [music] request. So,
we'll go off. It looks like we wanted to
run create next app and the agent will
now start doing work on your behalf
[music] in the background, but you can
always check in on its progress. And one
of the really, really cool features
[music]
for anti-gravity is this notion of
artifacts. So if you click the right
sidebar and this is available both in
the editor and the agent manager. You'll
notice that the agent is putting
together artifacts. These are markdown
files for the agent to sort of track its
own progress, do research and even
generate findings. We see that the agent
is keeping its own task list to keep
track of its progress. And this is
something that you can also follow along
with. We have instrumented the
anti-gravity agent to work with three
main artifacts. The first one is the
task list which you saw and the other
two are important for users to observe
and approve. The first one is called an
implementation plan and this basically
specs out some of the research the agent
did and it will give you a report of
what it's going to do prior to actually
going off and making changes to your
codebase. And finally, there's a
walkthrough which happens at the end of
an agent's task and it will communicate
what it did as well as some of the
verification steps it took [music] to
sort of prove that it completed it. This
might take the form of screenshots or
terminal commands that it ran or unit
tests or heck maybe even a PR
description, things of that nature. And
so it looks like our agent has done some
research and we're now going to open up
our implementation plan. And you'll see
this looks pretty good. It's putting
together some components. It's telling
me a bit about the styling, some of the
ways that it's going to verify that it
did the work correctly. This all looks
pretty good to me. So now it's going to
go off and start implementing all these
[music] files. It'll keep track of its
progress in the task list and you can
follow along or you could even go get a
coffee and come back. It looks like the
agent finished the code generation part.
So now it's going to actually run the
dev server so that we can check this out
locally. And it wants to launch the
browser. So let's go ahead and press
setup.
You'll press install extension.
So let's go ahead and add this to
Chrome.
So, what's really cool about
anti-gravity is that because of this
browser integration, it can actually
test the [music] code that it just wrote
all on its own.
So, here we just generated a flight
tracker and now with that blue little
cursor, it's moving its cursor around
the screen [music] to actually test our
application. And in this case, it's
adding in American Airlines flight 123.
It's testing some invalid states. Um,
and it's basically going to deliver us
uh a couple of screen recordings and a
screenshot in our walkthrough report.
So, let's click review and we can see
what it put together. It tells us a bit
about the features that it implemented
and importantly how it verified that the
results were actually correct. So, let's
head back to our home. We call this the
inbox. This is where you can spin up new
conversations and check in on your
progress across all your different
agents across all your different
workspaces. And so, now we're going to
start two parallel [music] tasks. And
the beauty of anti-gravity is that you
can have the agent do work for you in
the background while you focus on maybe
a more complex task in the foreground.
Let's have it do some research. So, we
want to hook this up to live flight
data. So, let's ask it to look up the
aviation stacks API. I already have an
API key if you want to test with curls.
Look up the documentation and make sure
you use the curl responses to get the
interface.
Let's make this app look a little bit
more polished by giving it a logo. The
beautiful part about being part of the
Google DeepMind ecosystem is that we
have direct access to Nano Banana and
the latest image generation models
directly inside of the product. So,
let's ask our agent, design a few
different mockups for a logo for our
app. I want one that's more minimalist,
one that's more classic, one that's
clearly a calendar, and any others that
you think might fit. I want to use this
as the favicon for our app. So, let's
head back home.
Oh, wow. It already looks like it's done
with the logos. That was very, very
quick. And you'll see that it generated,
let's see, four [music] different types
of logos. I really do like the look of
this classic aviation style one. So,
let's tell the agent to implement this
one inside of our project. I like the
global flight tracker with aviation
theme. Add this as my favicon. And I
actually should probably tell it to
update my site title as well since I
think it's using uh whatever [music]
came out of the initial generation
script. So let's go ahead and tell it to
do that as well. And you'll see that we
are sending it as a pending comment,
which basically means the agent can take
into consideration [music] at some good
stopping point in the conversation. So
here it already got started working on
the favicon, but now it's also going to
take into account [music] that we want
to change the site title. And we didn't
even need to babysit the agent. We could
just leave it and leave some comments
and come back and it takes it into
account. It's smart enough to know when
and how to inject [music] this into our
conversation.
So, we'll head back home and it looks
like now our aviation stacks API
research is already done and it's
written an artifact for us to review and
it's done all this research on what the
aviation stacks API can do and what data
it returns and what's really cool is you
can scroll through the conversation if
you want more detail on how it got
arrived at this conclusion and it did a
Google search to basically figure out
what is the aviation stack API what is
the docs URL for this and it went out
and actually read those pages to put
together this research. And I also love
that because we gave it an API key, it's
able to literally run the curl requests
and get sample data so that we know with
very very high confidence and very high
trust that this is correct. So this
implementation plan looks pretty good.
Let's actually tell it and leave it some
comments. So, just like a Google doc,
you can highlight text, [music] leave
comments, and just say, "Use the key I
gave you in thev.local."
We'll scroll through the rest.
And looks good to me. Implement this in
a util folder so that I can apply it to
the route. Don't change [music] the
route yet.
Press submit.
Great. Now, let's hop back over to home.
And now we're going to go check in on
our design of the favicons. It looks
like it's updated our favicon. You'll
see it now in the tab. We should
probably remove the white background at
some point, but you kind of get the
idea. It's able to do this work in
parallel. So, now we're sort of
multi-threading our brain across these
two different projects. And you'll see
that this aviation stacks API util is
almost done.
Great. So, our agent has notified us
that it's ready for review. And it looks
like it created this new file, aviation
stack.ts, in our utils folder. And it
looks like it used a lot of the research
that it did before to make sure that
this is correct. And let's now hop into
the editor so that we can really really
use this new util. We could ask the
agent to do this, but I want to show you
some of the features inside of the
editor.
We'll head over to where I think the
route is, and you'll see all this logic
for mock flights that came out of the
original generation. And we can go ahead
and delete all this. The editor is
already suggesting that we replace our
mock data with our live data. So, let's
go ahead and press tab to accept this
suggestion. [music]
We're going to press tab again, include
the import. And now, let's just make
sure that the rest of our UI is using
these new type declarations from the API
as opposed to the mock data. So, we'll
go into page tsx and we'll sort of start
poking around. Looks like we'll need to
change the shape of the data. So instead
of flight which is the mock API schema,
we are going to use the [music] one from
the API itself and it's called aviation
stack flight data. Because the agent has
context over all the files in your
codebase as well as the internet
documentation that we retrieved earlier,
we can just tab tab tab and change all
the instances in our UI of using the
mock data to using the API data. Now
that this migration is complete, let's
head back over to the browser and just
make sure that the app actually works
with this new live data. So, we'll type
in a real flight.
Looks like American Airlines Flight 100
is taking off from JFK and landing in
Heathro. So, our app seems to be
working. Now, let's put a bow on it. We
want to be able to add this flight into
our Google calendar. Let's ask the agent
to do this for us. For each flight
result, make the entire card clickable
to open a Google calendar link with the
flight information. notably the times
and locations. Test this with the
browser and show me a walkthrough when
you are done.
Again, we could let this task run in the
background, but this product is really,
really mind-blowing sometimes. So, let's
actually watch it side by side. The
agent will also show you what it's
thinking about while it's doing its
work. So, here it's saying reviewing
clickable items. It's starting to map
some of the flight data, and now it's
going to go off and read some of the
files that are relevant for this
conversation. It looks like it's
implementing the Google Calendar
integration and the agent divides things
into sections so it's a bit easier for
the user to follow along. Of course, you
can always get into the nitty-gritty by
going to the editor and showing all the
steps. So, it looks like it's done and
it's now going to the browser and
actually testing this feature. So, when
the blue border is visible, this means
the browser is under the agents control
and here it's testing out American
Airlines flight 100 and can move the
cursor to click. And now you can see we
are able to add this flight to our
calendar. And now that the agent is done
using the browser, it's going to put
together a walkthrough. This is the
third and final artifact to show us that
it is indeed done with the task that we
requested. And here you can see sort of
some [music] of the features that it
implemented here, the Google calendar
integration, and that it verified using
American Airlines Flight 100. And let's
head back over to a browser. We can try
this feature ourselves. We'll come in
here, put in American Airlines Flight
100. Looks like data is flowing
correctly. And hey, looks like it
generated a calendar event for us.
So, let's head back over to our editor
and let's commit this code. And there's
a nice little button here to just
generate a commit message. Again,
[music] this is contextaware, so it's
using your conversation history in
addition to the files to come up with
this commit message. This looks pretty
good. Let's commit it. There you have
it. We just built a new app from scratch
in just a few minutes. And we believe
that this is the new way for devs to get
work done. Reviewing artifacts, managing
multiple agents, and getting tasks over
the finish line with an AI powered
editor. The anti-gravity team is already
hard at work on what's next. So stay
tuned for future updates. I'll catch you
all in the next one.