All right. So, Google just went ahead
and launched a new AI powered ID similar
to cursor and it's called Google
Andigravity. And the even cooler thing
here is that Google just launched their
Gemini 3 Pro AI model. And now you can
use both Andigravity and Gemini 3 Pro
completely for free. And I believe it's
for a limited time. So, if you want to
make use of it, just go ahead and
download Andy Gravity now and you can
start using it. And today in this video,
we're going to take Handy Gravity for a
spin and let's see how it is and also
how to use the software. And again, I've
been hearing a lot of good things about
the Gemini 3 Pro Aa model and how good
it is when it comes to, let's say,
designing the UI or the front end part
of an app. So, we will test all of that
in today's video. So, let's quickly get
started. So, here I have opened up the
Andiggravity website and the domain is
Andygravity.google. So, you can click
the link in the description below or
head over to andiggravity.google Google
and you can download it for Mac OS and
Windows. So in this case I have already
downloaded and opened it up. So I'll
just open it up right away. So there you
go. This right here is Google's
anti-gravity. And the thing is that it
is actually a ID very similar to cursor.
And again this right here is like a VS
code fork. And I don't know if you
remember it correctly but a couple of
months ago Google just hired a lot of
team members including the founding
members I believe of Vinsurf and they
are the guys behind this particular
anti-gravity ID by the way. So just to
show everything I'll quickly go ahead
and open a folder. All right. So you
have all that VS code stuff in here. So
basically it is a VS code fork and when
you open for the first time this is
going to be the kind of interface that
you will see. And again to use
anti-gravity you primarily have like two
options or two different ways. So the
first one is this interface right here
where you will be coding along with the
agent and similar to cursor you can give
a prompt and you know ask the AI to do
stuff right and the next interesting way
is that towards the top you can find an
option that says open agent manager and
if I click on the same it opens up this
interface right here and the idea of
agent manager is that you'll be able to
spin up multiple sub agents to tackle a
specific problem and they can
independently run in the background
while you're busy doing something else.
For example, let's say I want to spin up
three different AI agents. Well, I can
do that in here. And again, every time
the AI agent is done implementing
whatever stuff it was doing, it will
also give you a notification in the
inbox right here. I'll show all of that
in today's video. But in which ways,
first of all, we'll start with let's say
a basic usage, right? So towards the
right side, you have the option to open
the agent panel. And as you can see, it
says ask anything. Again, pretty similar
to the workflow that we have in let's
say tray cursor or even bins for that
matter. And now all you have to do is to
explain your prompt in here. And as you
can see, if I click on this drop-own
menu right here, I can select the model.
And the even cooler thing is that you
can even use Cloud Sonet 4.5. Okay, you
have models from Anthropic in here. But
since we are interested in Gemini, I'll
keep it as Gemini 3 Pro high. And by the
way, it's completely free for you to use
right now. So you can just click the
link in the description below, download
Andy Gravity now, and you can experience
both anti-gravity and Google Gemini 3
Pro completely for free. And since a lot
of people have been telling that Gemini
3 Pro is extremely good at when it comes
to let's say creating landing pages, UI,
app designs and all that. First of all,
why not try it right? So I can go ahead
and give a prompt. I'm creating a web
scraping and crawling website similar to
firecrol. And I want you to create a
sleek and modern looking landing page
for my uh platform and the name is going
to be icecrolled. So what I want you to
do is that I want you to design a sleek
landing page with a nice hero section,
nice animations, nice UI elements, and
yeah, just take it up from there. So
this right here is the prompt I'll begin
with. And if I click on this drop-own
menu right here, I'll be able to select
between planning mode and fast mode,
which is pretty similar to what we have
in cursor by the way. So if you want to
plan along with the AI before
implementation, you can select the
planning mode. Or if you want the AI to
directly implement, then you can click
on the fast mode. But in this case, I'll
keep it in the planning mode and I'll
click on send. Okay. So, Gemini has
started the thinking process and it will
create a new task.md file. And as you
can see here, the AI has went ahead and
mapped out all the to-do items or plan.
So, first of all, it is project
exploration and setup. So, explore
existing project structure, install the
packages, configure tailwind and post
CSS. Okay. design implementation, create
a bunch of different components like
button, navbar, hero, features and
footer, then assemble the page together
and also finally we have a verification
process as well. And again, if you are
not satisfied with the plan that the AI
has or if you want to make any sort of
changes, well towards the right side,
you can find a section that says comment
on this line, you can click on that and
leave a comment and when the AI is
implementing the same, it will go ahead
and make sure it keeps track of your
comment as well. And if you go to the
implementation plan, you'll be able to
find a in-depth plan of what the AI is
trying to implement. So proposed
changes. So it will install frame
motion, lucid react, a couple of
packages, modify the globals dot CSS
file. So you can get like a highle
overview of what exactly the AI is
planning to do. So in this case, we
asked it to create a landing page. So it
is creating a lot of these components
and assembling it together. And the AI
has started working on the same already.
Okay. So I can find that it is
installing a lot of packages and making
a lot of changes. So what I'll do is
I'll wait for some time and let's wait
for the air to complete and we will take
a look at the output together. And
before we continue further, let me
quickly take a second to talk about our
sponsors for today's video, Testbrite.
Manual testing is slow, expensive, and
errorprone. And most of the teams spend
40% of their time just writing test
cases. So meet Test Sprite, the world's
first fully autonomous AI software
testing agent. So imagine automating
your entire testing process from
generating test cases and writing code
to executing test, diagnosing issues and
even suggesting fixes all with minimal
effort. It automatically generates the
test code, run front end and backend
test, debug issues and delivers detailed
report cutting testing cost by up to
90%. To get started, you can either use
the test sprite's web interface or the
MCP tool in your ID like cursor or
Andyravity. Just sign up on testbite.com
by clicking the link in the description
below and add testprite mcp to cursor or
anti-gravity. Now just ask the AI to run
a full test using testbrite. Within
minutes it will now complete a full
backend or front-end test and shows you
the complete results. And the best part
test sprite suggest fixes so that cursor
or anti-gravity or whatever AI agent
you're using can itself fix the problem
without you having to do anything. You
can even schedule test on Testbrite's
web interface so that it will
automatically run tests for you and send
the complete report to your email. So
make sure to click the link in the
description below and visit
testprite.com to check out the ultimate
AI powered testing agent in action. Now
back to the video. All right, so the AI
is done implementing the landing page
that we asked for and it even verified
by building the project and seems like
pretty much everything worked. And now
to accept the changes, all I have to do
is to click on this accept all button.
And again, you also have the option to
review all the files that the AI has
created as well. And now yet another
cool thing is that towards the top
right, you can find a Chrome icon. And
what exactly does that do you ask? Well,
if you click on this open browser uh
section right there, it opens up a
full-fledged Chrome browser that you can
use to let's say test your application
and move it around and you can just go
ahead and start using it right away. And
as I can see, it has done implementing
the same. All right. So, I'll quickly go
ahead and let's say open terminal ppm
rundev. And now, let's just try to open
it up.
Okay. So, turn any website into
structured data. Okay. This is a nice
element. We have animations in here. H,
it's pretty basic, right? I mean,
nothing fancy about it.
Okay, so this right here is the landing
page that the AI has created for us. All
right, maybe I can also try it to create
a dashboard, right? So maybe what I'll
do is I'll close all of this and next
step what I'll do is I'll click on this
option that says open agent manager. And
this right here is the agent manager.
And here I have the landing workspace
selected. So start a new conversation
and basically the idea is that you can
go ahead and give anti-gravity a prompt
and that's it. You just hit enter and
you can leave it in the background and
the AI agent will keep working on the
same and do whatever stuff that you
asked for. So in this case what I'll do
is I'll go ahead and give a prompt
something like this. Can you design a
sleek and modernl looking financial
dashboard with dark theme, nice colors
and gradients, charts, graphs and uh
everything else in the slash dashboard
route.
Okay, so I just want it to create a
financial dashboard. All of that looks
good. And all I have to do is to click
on this send button right here. And as
you can see, the same is in progress.
And right now the AI is working on the
same. And now I can maybe click on the
start uh conversation option again. And
now I can go ahead and spin up a new
agent. So this time around let's say I
want a image converter website. Well I
can go ahead and say can you please
create a image converter app within our
website. So basically the app should be
at / image converter route and the user
should be able to upload an image and
select a format and download it in the
target output format. Make sure to give
the app or let's say the image converter
a really sleek and modern look.
Okay. So that looks good root and I'll
click on send. And as you can see right
now we have like two different agents
working on two different task but on the
same project. And if you want to you can
actually go ahead and open a new
workspace like a completely different
one. And you can have it opened up in
here and then you can go ahead and give
prompt and spin up AI agents for doing
specific task within other projects as
well. So not only can you spin up AI
agents to work on the same project but
also on different projects or
workspaces. So that's also one option
that you have. So right now as you can
see it is working on the financial
dashboard. Okay.
All right. So it has created an
implementation plan and it has started
installing the dependencies making
changes to the code. All right. The
agent is running terminal commands.
Okay. Installing a couple of packages I
believe. Let's see.
And if I go to the other one that is
image converter, the implementation is
in progress in here as well. And again
another cool thing is that Andrew
Gravity has Google nanobanana
integration too. So along the way if you
want to let's say generate some images
and then implement or let's say add it
to your website. Well, Andy Gravity is
capable enough to do it. So you can
simply go ahead and say create an image
and add it in the let's say hero
section, the navigation bar or whatever
you wanted to. You can just go ahead and
give prompts and the A will do it. Maybe
I'll show that later. But this is all
the code that the AI is writing. And
this right here is the / dashboard page.
Okay. And once everything is done, you
will find a notification in this inbox
section right here. Uh in which case,
let's wait. And since I have enabled the
following mode, I can see what exactly
the agent is working on right now. So
installing all these packages, running
the build and verifying the
implementation.
Seems like everything is done. And once
done, you can click on this review
changes button towards the top right and
you'll be able to find like a continuous
flow of all the files to which the AI
has made changes to. As you can see, a
sidebar component, a header component.
So all of these are like files that the
AI has created. And now the AI is done
building the project and pretty much
everything is good to go I believe. So
walk through and this time around I'll
click on this button right here to open
the browser interface. localhost
3000.
So this right here is our landing page.
And now if I go to the / dashboard
directory and hit enter.
All right. All right. That's good. So
this right here is the dashboard that
the AI has created. This chart element
is good. We have dark mode. A couple of
cards in here.
Okay. Pie charts, recent transactions.
Okay. All of these are not active yet.
But this right here is the dashboard and
it looks reasonably good, right? Okay,
I'm impressed. And okay, so that part is
done. Maybe I can try to open the
image converter. It is now. Okay, so it
actually found some errors during the
build process. One steps requires input.
Let's see. Andy Gravity would like to
use the browser to preview the same.
Okay, I can click on setup and I can
click on install extension.
So basically what it means is that handy
gravity will be able to control this
particular instance that is the browser
instance. It can Okay, seems like I need
to log in. Okay, there you go. As you
can see, we have this blue border all
around the page and it means that Andy
Gravity itself is going to test your
website. So it will go ahead and take a
screenshot, try to click around and feed
all of that into the AI back. Okay,
there you go. Let's see. It's still
thinking.
Okay, so this right here is the image
converter it has created. Maybe I can
drop a image. So here I have selected an
image. Let's say webp convert
converting. Okay, download image. All
right, so pretty much everything works.
All right, so that part is also
complete. So the AI within anti-gravity
is capable enough to spin up a new
browser instance, load the app, take
screenshots and do actions on behalf of
you and then feed it back and the AI can
reiterate and work on the same. So
that's also one more cool feature. So
yeah, there you go. Here we have almost
all the features that we asked for
implemented. And yeah, I did not get
early access or anything. I just started
using it yesterday and I thought I'll
make a video about it. And still this is
like a preliminary let's say
exploration. And I still believe we have
a lot to explore in this one. And if you
want to open the editor interface, I can
click on this open editor. And there you
go. We have pretty much everything
covered I believe. And yeah, that's the
overall flow. So basically Google just
went ahead and launched a new ID similar
to cursor and it's called Andravity. And
that's pretty much all I wanted to show
you in today's video. So I hope you guys
found this video useful. If yes, make
sure to subscribe and I'll see you in
the next