Hey guys, so Google just announced their
own AI editor called Anti-gravity. And I
can confidently say after stress testing
this editor all weekend, this is by far
the most powerful AI editor I've ever
used. And it honestly feels like cursor
put on steroids with all the features
and functionalities they've added in
there for us to make AI development and
vibe coding feel like a breeze. And
there's a bunch of highlights that I
want to cover in this video with you
guys and break everything down. But a
few of the coolest ones I think you guys
are going to like is it has the same
look and feel of a normal IDE to where
we get to view all the changes. They've
added in a bunch of new features around
agent development to where we have a new
thing called an agent inbox to where we
can tackle working on multiple projects
and multiple tasks all in parallel.
Absolutely love this new feature. And
one of the coolest things that I think
you guys are absolutely going to love is
you get access to Gemini 3 Pro
completely for free inside of
anti-gravity. You get up to 50 requests
every 5 hours which if you kind of do
the math it the best deal online for AI
coding tools. So you're absolutely going
to want to try it out. I know I've been
having a ton of fun been blown away with
Gemini 3. I actually have a whole extra
video recommend you checking that out
and a breakdown. But enough of talking
about Gemini. back to anti-gravity. And
the rest of this video, I'm going to be
showing you guys a bunch of use cases,
examples, and walk you through all the
new features you need to know about this
new AI coding tool so that you can start
to use it on your own projects and start
AI vibe coding like an absolute beast.
So, without further ado, let's go ahead
and dive into the video. And also, a
quick shout out to Google. Thank you
guys so much for providing early access.
I've had a ton of fun trying out
anti-gravity, and I'm super excited for
everyone else to get a try, too. So,
let's go ahead and hop on into the
video. All right. So, before we dive
into all the new amazing features of
anti-gravity, I think it's super helpful
for us to take a high-level overview of
understanding how Google envisions us
using anti-gravity so that we can better
understand how everything connects and
how we can most appropriately use this
new tool. So, here's what Google has
done from what like I can tell after
using the tool. It feels like they have
looked at all the other different tools
that are out there, cursor, windfied
what these tools have done, right? and
wrong when it comes to how we as AI
developers are actually using these
tools and they have come away with three
core components that are an absolute
must for developing with AI in 2025. So
first things first what they have done
is obviously they've noticed that the
editor isn't going anywhere. So the look
and feel of cursor to where you have the
ability to actually look at your files,
you know, select stuff, add it as
context, talk to the model, say, "Please
fix this. Here's what I'm trying to come
up with." They've nailed that. They've
also really nailed down the fact that we
like to plan to say, "Hey, here's my
plan before you just start going through
code. I want to come up with like a
10-step plan of how we're going to fix
this." They've really nailed down that
workflow, which then leads us to once we
have figured out what we want to do with
AI. We then go into part two, which is
coding. So, the second we're done, you
know, prompting and planning, we're now
going into coding. And for most of us,
if you know, you're a developer, you're
kind of just sitting there waiting for
it to do the code, which is, you know,
can take too much time, which if you're
like most developers who are kind of
going speed mode, what really is
happening in most of our development
life cycles is we're actually doing this
in parallel. Meaning, we are constantly
looking at multiple tasks that we can
work on and we are just saying, "Hey,
AI, knock out this, knock out this,
knock out this." which is where it looks
like Google with their new anti-gravity
tool have really doubled down on this
asynchronous workflow style of AI
development and have come up with
something called the agent manager
inbox. Now let's actually dive in just
highle overview of what it looks like
right now which is it looks and feels
just like a regular email inbox except
the key thing is what you're doing is
you're actually having conversations
with your different projects. So you can
work on any one of your different
projects. you kick it off just like you
normally would do to where you're saying
like, "Hey, this page is broken. I would
like to fix this." And once you send it
off, it's just going to go start working
on in the background and then you start
a new conversation. So, it's kind of
like one of those you just send it and
forget it, which is the whole point of
anti-gravity. It is focused around it
seems like this new asynchronous AI
development work cycle that from what
I've seen and everyone in my community,
this is the new way AI projects get
built. It is fire and forget it. And
then at the very end, we are reviewing
everything, which is where part three of
Google's anti-gravity new platform works
is they have builtin AI browser support.
Now, what this looks like is, you'll see
it in just a second, but whenever we
actually hop over into a specific
editor. So, like over here, there's a
new browser button where this will
actually open up an interactive browser
where our agents can control it. And
this thing is wild. It's unlike any
other browser tool I've seen. It records
live sessions. It's super interactive.
They've absolutely crushed it with the
browser tool. It's funny. Google,
Google, Chrome, of course they know what
they're doing with browsers. So, this is
everything that I have seen when it
comes to actually using anti-gravity.
And I just wanted you guys to see kind
of the core components. And we're going
to dive deep into each one of these so
you can see in action as we actually
build out some real world features using
anti-gravity. But the core thing to get
around when thinking about anti-gravity
is it is focused around this new AI
asynchronous development to where we're
just cranking out things and you know
kind of following what everyone's doing
nowadays when it comes to building out
code. So enough highle talk. Let's
actually go in and start using the
editor so you can see everything in
action and we'll take it from there
looking at the other amazing features.
So let's go ahead and dive in. All
right, guys. So, now it's time to dive
into anti-gravity and showcase some of
the core features and functionalities of
this new tool. And we're going to start
off simple so you can understand the
core workflows that we were talking
about earlier where we're basically
going to be going through the process of
working on different tasks for our
project in parallel. So, let's dive in
and work on kicking off two different
tasks in parallel. One in agent mode and
the other in editor mode so that we can
kind of get a feel for both. So, let us
dive in. So, first things first, I'll
zoom in for you guys. So, here's what
we're going to do. We are going to start
a new conversation and we're going to
pick the project that we're working on.
What is cool, you can have multiple
workspaces where you're working on
multiple projects in parallel. Right now
that we're going to work on what I'm
calling the worker SAS, which is a quick
application that I have as one of the
templates inside of Shipkit, a project
that I built for you guys to help you
build AI applications in days instead of
months. And this is the hero section.
And for our first task, what I want to
do is showcase how we can use
anti-gravity to actually build out
really cool UI components. So, we want
to update the first task to where it
shows a more, you know, a better looking
UI instead of what it shows right here.
I think we can make it look better. So,
here's what we're going to do. We're
going to say, "Hey, anti-gravity, while
we're in our agent manager mode, can you
please look at my hero section and make
a more engaging UI element for the
upload step? make sure that the, you
know, whatever mockup you create. It's
beautiful. Stick to our current color
scheme. If you have any questions, let
me know. Now, we're going to use Gemini
3 Pro and we definitely want to use
planning to showcase a few of the cool
new features and functionalities that
they have. So, we're going to kick that
one off. And now, as soon as we have
this running, I want to call out a few
important things that you need to be
aware of when working inside of
anti-gravity. So, first things first,
this following button, what it's going
to do is it's going to help you follow
what the agent is doing. So, right now,
the agent is spinning up a new task
document. This is what they're calling
an artifact. So, every time it comes up
with images or plans or anything that is
not pure code, it's going to make an
artifact. So, these artifacts are just a
really cool way for us to track what the
agent is thinking about doing. And
what's really cool, and you're going to
see here in just a minute, we can
actually collaborate on these different
artifacts. We can add comments. We can
edit them. It's a really cool feature
that they have set up. So, you can see
right now, I'll zoom out so you guys can
see what it's doing. But what's really
cool is, so it's gone through, it's
analyzed the current design, and what
it's doing right now is it's actually
generating an image. So, this is one of
my favorite parts about working with
anti-gravity is we're using Google
models. And Google models have access to
nano banana which means it can actually
create cool elements and mockups for us
to preview and we can actually provide
feedback on these different assets and
basically just like really collaborate
with agents in its truest form. This is
unlike anything you guys have ever seen
before. So let's actually walk into
collaborating on some of these assets.
So I think this is really really cool.
So what I can do though and you guys can
do this as well. So I just click open.
And what this has done is it has opened
up a asset now real fast because I want
to like go slow so I don't do too much
at the same time. What is interesting is
right we were in agent mode but we could
also hop over to editor mode and do it
over here as well. So you don't always
have to do it in agent mode. You can do
it in agent mode or editor mode. You
have the choice is yours. Now what is
cool is you can see artifacts. Sorry I
meant to say artifacts, not assets. You
can see this is an actual artifact. So
you can see it has an access to this new
upload audio mockup. These are artifacts
that anti-gravity is creating. So we get
to keep track of everything. So let's
actually dive into providing feedback on
the plan that's being generated. So
what's really cool is you can actually
just highlight stuff and start to
provide access to different parts right
here. So I'm going to highlight this and
I can add a comment and I can say this
looks great. Can you make the image a
little bit smaller so it's easier to see
the like text at the bottom where we're
saying we're uploading a specific
podcast episode because it would be nice
if we had like a little loading animated
bar for the podcast episode so we can
kind of see that it's being uploaded. So
that's what I would like to see and
please create a new version of this
mockup. So you can add this comment and
the second you add it you can then just
say review. Basically, we can just like
submit the review and just say, "Please
look at my feedback." And what we'll do
now is it's going to go, "All right, I
will now go through the process of
reviewing all of the different feedback
that you provided." So, it's saying,
"Hey, the user provided some feedback on
the different like the UI elements that
were uploaded. I will make it slightly
smaller, reducing it to 70% of its
former size, and now it's going to
generate a new image." So, it's crazy.
The first time I saw this, I was like,
man, not only does this feel like cursor
to where I'm like talking with agents,
but it feels like all of the best parts
of Lovable as well, because now I'm just
like spinning up cool UI things and now
it's just generating them. So, you can
now see in image 2, it's much smaller.
It also has a little upload progress bar
at the bottom. This looks freaking
awesome. So, now that it's done working
on making the new version of the mockup,
we can actually go ahead and open up the
plan. And what's cool, not only can we
just provide comments and feedback on
different, you know, images, what's
really cool is you can also provide
feedback on these task documents. So you
can actually come in here and start to
read through it. And it's like, all
right, we're trying to work on this
component. Here's what we're going to be
changing. We're going to be modifying
this. And you know, in this case, I'm
pretty happy with everything that it's
going to do. But you know what you can
always do is just hit these like comment
buttons and you can add inline comments
to the plan. So, it's a really nice
interactive way because going back to
what we talked about earlier, like we're
here where we're prompting and planning
and then now the AI is about to go do
the 80% coding. So, this is really
really cool. So, at this point, I'm
going to just click the proceed button
to where now it's going to go implement
the plan. Now, while this is going, hey,
let's keep working, guys. So, what I'm
going to do is click start a new
conversation. And instead of actually
kicking this one off in agent mode,
let's go try some stuff out over here in
editor mode. So for this one, what we're
going to do, we'll close out of
everything. We're going to once again
open up the hero section of my
application. And what we're going to do
is highlight the demo preview. The demo
preview. This is part that you guys can
see right here where we were initially
showcasing this. This is the demo
preview. So what I can do is just come
down here. Uh, where did the demo
preview go? Yeah. So, I can just
highlight the demo preview, hit command
L, add it in right to our chat, and now
I can say, can you please work on making
sure that as a user, they should have
the capabilities to actually click
through the steps. And if they want to
just look at a step for a while, the you
know auto scroll should pause and allow
the user to manually start to go through
the different steps so that they can
better understand the process of working
with this transcription service that
we've made. If you have any questions,
please let me know and then at this
point we can actually kick it off. Once
again, we're still in planning mode.
We're still using Gemini. So we can kick
it off. So what's cool is you guys are
now seeing how we're using the agent
inbox. So, what's cool, hey, we got
mail, guys. In this case, we got AI mail
where it's going to say, hey, I'm
working on this task. You can see our
other task is in the process of running
right now. And I can just open it up and
it's going to say, hey, I've actually
gone through the process. I built the
engaging upload UI walkthrough. You
should now see some like animated
walkthroughs. And, you know, basically,
this is what you should see in the new
one. So, we're going to probably
refresh. We might actually have to
restart the server cuz it actually
probably made some changes to the global
CSS. Yeah, you can see now it's
providing some really cool feedback. So,
we're working on two task at once. So,
it's kind of hard to see it, but you can
actually see right now the upload audio.
You can see it looks really really good.
Like I I'm blown away. So, here is what
we can do next. So, back we can close
out of this walkthrough and we're going
to go once again open this up and we
need to start providing some more
information and feedback to it. So this
is where we can actually start to submit
some messages and basically say like
provide some feedback. Now this is where
things are a little bit weird and like
you know trying to figure out the like
how do you actually start to chat again
with this? Oh, you just double click it.
That's all you got to do. I was silly on
that. So what we need to do now is to
actually make sure the audio waveform
shows up properly. We can just say like,
"Hey, can you actually open up the
browser and go look at the hero section
on the landing page?" Because you will
see on full screen, it doesn't actually
look nice. For whatever reason, the
animation's kind of going into the
navbar. So now, at this point, it's
going to start working on it. And we're
going to switch over to fast mode
because, hey, we've already implemented
most of the plan. Now, we just want it
to go forth and actually make the
changes. Now, what's cool is what we
should see here in just a second is it's
going to actually open up the browser.
So, we're going to see it in just a
second to where it should start to take
control of our browser. So, here's what
it's going to do. It's going to open up
our browser. Just a second. So, you can
see it's opening up our browser. So,
tada, blue mode. So, we're now in
browser mode. So, it's watching this.
It's getting the DOM elements and it's
going to take screenshots. And you can
see hopefully here in a second, it's
actually going to analyze our hero
section and it's going to see, oh yeah,
I can definitely see stuff is out of the
way. So, it's gone through, it's taking
screenshots, and it's going to try and
wait again to actually get a screenshot
of step one. So, you can see it's really
smart. Like, it's actually figuring out
in real time like, hey, I'm not getting
the right thing. So, it's it's trying to
actually do it again and again and
again. So, it's struggling, but it's
getting there. Like, this is once again,
this is just happening in the
background. Like, you shouldn't be
watching this. we should just be, hey,
on to the next one. And it's still
struggling. It's uh it needs to do an
odd number so it can actually get to uh
step one. So, it's figuring out the
cycle. So, it's it's doing its thing.
And what I'm really excited for in here
in just a second to show you guys is we
can actually eventually go through and
view the browser session. So, in just a
second, we should be able to see this.
So, we're going to let this run because
hey, we are we're productive. We're
coders. So, we're going to go ahead and
move on to the next thing while this is
still trying to figure it out. And we
can go look at our next task. So, we can
see, all right, when it comes to working
on hero section interactivity, it's
saying, "Hey, I plan to make the hero
section interactive." Everything looks
great. So, it's going to add an isaused
state. So, we can actually ask questions
before we generate the plan. We can
either do comments. So, I mean, heck, we
can actually just add a comment here.
So, we're going to say, is there a way
to where we can actually whenever we
click on a step, we can just have it
pause for, let's say, 8 seconds. And
then after 8 seconds, we should just
auto resume the process instead of
having them click something again. So,
we're going to add that. We're going to
do that. And then we're going to just
say review and submit the review. And
now it's going to go review our
implementation plan and say, "Oh yeah,
I'll make sure after 8 seconds of pause,
we just get back to it." So that's
really cool. So now we can hop back over
to our email or our inbox and we can see
we have multiple things happening at the
same time. So this is this feels
beautiful. So so excited for you guys to
do this. Now what's really cool is you
can actually see in real time we can
actually click on the analyzed part and
normally what happens is we might have
to wait for the hero section to get
done. But what you will usually see is
it'll actually autoplay in real time. So
you get to like feel like you were the
agent watching the screen and it
normally records it in real time. So you
can see it's still trying to do it. So I
might have given it a little bit too
hard of a task, but hey, hopefully we
don't burn through too many credits. And
like I said, this is just like a weird
animation one. So I'm actually going to
stop it just so we can actually get to
the point. And I'll just take a manual
screenshot of it. So here we go. And
let's actually click upload. So let's go
to image. And this should be on my
desktop really fast. So desktop
screenshot. Yeah, that's that one.
Here's an updated screenshot just so we
can knock this out faster. And at this
point, fantastic. So, we're just proing
feedback. I will say normally when it's
clicking around for like most task where
we're not having to do heavy animations,
it absolutely crushes it. So, that's
going to go. It's going to fix it. And
then finally, for our other task, which
is to, you know, enhanced interactivity,
it's going through the process of making
sure that everything's good. It's going
to make sure that it's autocl. So now we
have the other agent actually working on
it. So we should hopefully see we can
actually maybe open this one up. Can't
tell if it's So this is like the hard
part of me learning this as well. I
can't tell if it actually opened up a
new tab. Yeah. So we have two tabs
going. So we have tab one not being
controlled and tab two is being
controlled. So if we go check on tab
one. Oh my gosh. It already built the
feature to where I can click around.
It's also built a feature to where after
8 seconds it's going to go through the
process of you know start to auto resume
to actually start going through the
process of showcasing again. So
beautiful. The agent worked great for
some UI task. And hopefully a lot of
this makes sense. Hopefully you got to
see, you know, the follow capabilities
to where we're actually following the
task in real time. You also got to see
the ability for us to actually use the
browser preview, which is also great. So
you can see right now it's controlling
our browser, which is awesome. Yeah,
here's the blue browser. So it's
controlling it. So, now that that's out
of the way, what I want to do is start
to go through a few more of the really
interesting features that are a part of
anti-gravity. And I also want to show
you how we can start to push this to its
limits by working on a harder task.
Let's go ahead and hop over to our next
demo. All right, so let's dive into our
second big example where we're really
going to push Gemini 3 and anti-gravity
to its limits. So, let's walk through
the big example that we're going to pass
in. So, here is the AI summary page of
the application where basically the user
can click, hey, generate an AI summary.
And this goes off and kicks off some
background jobs to where it's going to
take in the transcript, throw it over to
AI, and come out with a really specific
formatted summary. Now, what we want to
do is really see if Gemini 3 can connect
all the dots when working on big tasks
like this. So, what we're going to say
is, "Hey, Gemini, can you please go
through and look at the transcript
summary page? And whenever user clicks
that generate AI summary button, could
you do the normal process of making the
summary? However, in addition to making
the summary, I want you to make a new
background task. We're using a tool
called trigger.dev. And what I want you
to do is to make a new task that's going
to use OpenAI texttospech to generate a
new voice recording of this transcript.
Can you uh make sure that you save the
voice recording to our blob store? Also,
make sure that you update our database
to have like a new new column to save
this URL for the MP3 file. And then make
sure that you update the UI to have a
new play button for this voice
recording. Do you have any questions
before we kick things off? So, as you
can see, we are pushing it to the limit.
We're basically making it touch
everything. Our backend, our blob store,
our database, our UI. This is making it
do everything. So, we're now going to
kick it off. We're going to put it in
plan mode just so we can see how well
everything goes. So, let's actually go
through the process of enabling it to go
off and explore. So, already it's like
let's kick this close this out. So yeah,
we're going to basically let this run
for a little bit and I'll start to
review it with you guys here in just a
second and give you a quick playbyplay
of what it did so you can see on a beefy
task, can it stand up and actually, you
know, hold its own and build out really
complex workflows. So we'll pause and
come back as soon as it's ready and to
go. All right, guys. This is crazy. So
all I had to do, I sent this off and I
basically copy and pasted maybe four
error messages saying like, "Hey, this
is going wrong. This is going wrong." It
works, guys. So, let me just play it
real fast so you guys can hear this
summary being actually transcribed
thanks to anti-gravity. Let's go ahead
and play it.
>> How to build real-time AI summaries with
OpenAI and trigger.dev. Video overview.
This video provides a step.
>> Guys, that's crazy. So, if we think
about it, what this just did is it went
through explored my whole codebase,
figured out exactly how I have actually
structured this ship kit template and
figured out all the core tools, how
everything works. From there came up
with the implementation plan and like I
said I had to do very very very few
tweaks of basically saying like hey can
you please make sure you push stuff to
the database and after that there was
just I think only like like I said two
rounds of feedback of just saying like
here's an error and then outside of that
here's another error and then yeah
finally one other error. So, you know,
just normal vine coding like, "Hey, it's
broke. Fix it." And by the very end, you
can see it actually created the brand
new feature and functionality to where
it's updating our background processing
jobs, our database, our blob store, our
backend code, our front end code. It
changed everything. Like, this is
breaking my brain. So, the combination
between anti-gravity Gemini 3 Pro, this
is just an absolute game changer and I'm
so excited for you guys to try it out.
So, now that you've kind of seen some of
the core features and workflows, what I
want to do is just now hop over to some
of the core things that you need to know
about anti-gravity, how I'm going to be
changing my AI development tech stack
thanks to this new amazing tool, and
give you guys a few features that I
would love to see in anti-gravity, so
you can know what to be aware of when
actually using this tool. So, let's go
ahead and hop over to Final Part. Oh,
and real quick. If you're an AI
developer looking to launch your own AI
applications or to start freelancing as
an AI developer, you're absolutely going
to love ShipKit because we help you
launch real world AI applications in
days instead of months. And we have
project templates for the most common
types of real world applications like
chat, rag, agents, and background
workers. So, inside of Shipkit, you
obviously saw one of the newest
templates that we just dropped today.
And this is where we teach people how to
build real world AI background
processing jobs like the ones that you
saw in this video. And once you're
inside Shipkit, man, we have you
covered. We walk you through the entire
process of helping you convert your idea
that you have in your head for your own
AI application, convert it to a plan,
then we walk through the process of
converting that plan into an application
where we use AI every step along the way
and how to finally deploy your
application to production. Inside
Shipkit, we also have videos to walk you
through every step along the way.
Whether it's coming up with your app
idea, your UI, your logo, your
wireframe. We have videos to help you
every step of the way. Heck, you can
even chat with the videos cuz obviously
it is a AI first. And to make it even
easier inside of Shipkit, you always get
access to AI documents in every single
project template that you get access to
where you basically say, "Hey AI, can
you please follow these steps and
actually help me come up with an app
name?" Basically, the AI does the work
for you when you're using Shipkit to
help you launch your own AI application.
So, if this sounds interesting to you,
definitely recommend checking out
Shipkit while we have a Black Friday
sale going on. Get $75 off Shipkit and
grab it right now for $350. If you have
questions, always shoot me an email, but
you can check out more information in
the description below. But enough of
that, back to Anti-gravity. All right,
guys. So, now that anti-gravity has hit
the scene, what am I going to be using
for my coding stack? So, let's quickly
break it down. Here is what my current
code stack looks like. I have a $200 a
month plan for Claude Code and $20 a
month for Cursor. Claude Code does most
of my heavy lifting right now. I'm
cranking out code non-stop with this.
That's why, hence the $200 plan. Outside
of that, I'm using Cursor strictly for
accessing the 1 million token context
window as well as sometimes I just like
to experiment with new models. Well, now
that anti-gravity has hit the scene, I'm
completely dropping cursor. There's
really no reason for me to use cursor
now that anti-gravity is here.
Specifically, if you actually go to
start to use anti-gravity once it
actually fully launches, you're going to
notice I think we can actually show it
here. Laugh. It's not going to show it,
but normally there will be other models
in here as well. So, you should see
things like clawed models and you should
see I think potentially AI models. I'm
not 100% sure on OpenAI models, but for
sure you will see Claude models in here
tomorrow. So, there's actually no reason
for me to pay cursor anymore.
anti-gravity is going to be my new
default. Outside of that, I'm going to
actively try to see how low I can get my
Claude code subscription. So, meaning I
ideally would love to, you know, I would
love to spend zero dollars on coding.
However, I'm sure as soon as I hit some
limits inside of anti-gravity that I'm
going to have to basically, you know,
potentially fall back on cloud code.
This is still testing. I have not had
enough time to fully crank out as much
activity as I'd like with anti-gravity
to see how often I hit rate limits. So,
I will be sure to do a future video
covering this very soon of my tech stack
after a week or so of testing. So, be
sure to, you know, like and subscribe so
you can see that video as soon as it
comes out. Now, with that out of the
way, definitely recommend you checking
out maybe changing your tech stack to
this as well. Would love to hear your
comments on this. But with that out of
the way, I do want to cover a few quirks
before you pull the plug on your
subscriptions and hopping completely
over to anti-gravity. I want to share a
few concerns I have that you might need
to be aware of as you start to use this
new tool. So, that's a wrap for this
video, guys. I hope you enjoyed seeing
this first look of anti-gravity. And I
cannot wait to hear down in the comments
below, what do you think of this new
tool? Are you going to drop your cursor
and claude code subscription? Go all in
on anti-gravity. Would love to hear your
comments down below. Also, just a few
quick reminders. We're definitely
starting to kick off the new Black
Friday deal for Shipkit. You're going to
get $75 off when you order between now
and Cyber Monday. Quick reminder,
Shipkit, we help you build your own AI
projects in days instead of months. And
definitely Anti-gravity can help you
crank out projects even faster when you
start to use it inside of Shipkit.
Outside of that, if you're just looking
for free help and want to meet other
additional AI developers just like you,
we have a school community with over
10,000 AI developers. weekly free
coaching calls every Tuesday at 600 p.m.
Eastern time. Definitely would love to
see you over there as well. Definitely
check out the links in description below
for both of these. And with that out of
the way, I have a ton of other AI videos
right here on this channel that I
definitely recommend you checking out.
And I cannot wait to see you guys in the
next one. See you. Have a great day.
Bye.