Every breakthrough in model intelligence
for coding encourages us to rethink what
development should look like.
Gemini 3 is our latest such model
advancement. So we went out to build the
next step change [music] of an IDE.
Introducing Google Anti-gravity, a new
way of working for this next era of
agentic intelligence. It is the [music]
ideal agentic development home base.
Does it have an IDE? Yes, but also has a
whole lot more. We started with the core
IDE and added pieces that evolved the
IDE towards an agent first feature such
as [music] browser use, asynchronous
interaction patterns, and an additional
novel agent first product form factor,
helping you
experience Liftoff.
>> Your new focus is architecting the
solution, not implementing every single
step. So, congratulations. You have been
elevated to a manager of agents. Instead
of an agent living in your tools, your
tools are now instruments for many
agents. The agent begins to work
autonomously by creating an
implementation plan and activating
multiple surfaces to complete your
request. Our agent is more capable,
tackling complex tasks and even doing so
in parallel, letting you ship more than
ever before.
>> You can verify your code quality at a
glance, then ship with absolute
confidence. The agent can automatically
take browser screenshots of bug fixes or
even screen recordings of feature
implementations, proving the work was
done and tested. By providing these
instant verifiable artifacts, you can
confidently trust and merge the code
without hours of manual review.
Anti-gravity eliminates the pain of
trying to polish nearer results by
easily guiding the agents 90% solution
all the way to 100%. Now, let's say the
agent produces a landing page mockup
with Nano Banana, and you now want to
make some UI adjustments. You can give
visual comments just like a designer,
letting you leave feedback exactly where
the problem is. And you can also leave
comments on code diffs or feedback on
screen recordings of browser use. It's a
brand new way of collaborating with
agents, and you're going to love it.
>> Say goodbye to what held you down
before. Welcome to Google Anti-gravity.
Cut.
>> All right. [laughter]