Hello all, my name is Prash Nayak and
welcome to my YouTube channel. So guys
uh recently Google has announced its own
ID which is called as Google
anti-gravity
and this specific ID is like a next
generation ID which supports agentic AI
development and all uh you will be able
to it's it's kind of a competitor for
cursor also uh VS code also and I have I
hope you have seen me making
applications in VS code in cursor. So in
this specific video, this is the first
time that I'm using this. Uh I have just
downloaded the .exe file. Uh we'll make
this video a little bit interesting. Uh
so that you'll also understand that how
I specifically do my research, how uh I
like any new thing comes, you know, uh
how do I probably go ahead with it? You
know, what are the important things that
I usually check, right? So please make
sure that you watch this video till the
end. we will go ahead step by step in
understanding what all uh amazing things
this ID can actually do. Okay. So first
of all uh the Google anti-gravity here
you can see that it is the next
generation ID. Here you have lot of use
cases like here you have three main use
cases. Uh if I probably talk about one
is professional, front end and full
stack. When we talk about professional,
at its core, anti-gravity is still a
fully featured AI ID, but the agent
manager provides a new mission control
surface for background agents to tackle
backlog task, perform codebased
research, and reduce context switching.
Okay. And recently, if you know, Google
has also come up with its Giny 3 uh and
five. By far, it is probably the best
model, I guess, uh because uh we were
seeing the metrics, it was very very
good when compared to the other models,
right? And if you can see over here if I
just go ahead and click on explore use
cases uh with respect to professionals
uh you can do a lot of task here you can
see Google anti-gravity streamlined
workflows by offering tools for
parallelization customization and
efficient knowledge management
um and there are like you know
background agents codebased
understanding uh you can actually do
reduce context switching build for trust
and there are a lot of videos also which
we which you can also see for this right
and then You have another features like
for front end you can use browser in the
loop iteration that basically means if
you're doing the coding probably on the
left hand side on the right hand side
you can directly see how the UI may
actually look right so that will
actually give you the visual feedback
which is really really good uh you know
because you have a kind of a browser
integration kind of stuff over there
right and there is also one more which
is called as full stack uh it places an
emphasis on verification communication
to user via artifacts and all Right. And
here uh there is also kind of pricing uh
individual plan. This is the best thing
about Google. It launches everything for
free. So here you have $0 per month. And
uh you will be having access to Gemini 3
Pro which is good. Cloud set 4.5 which
uh you know cloud code also has this
specific model GPT OSS which is an open
source model also right? Unlimited tab
completion unlimited command request
generous rate limit. So this is the best
thing about Google. It provides you for
free. It has huge amount of money. So
you can go ahead and try it out. Okay.
Now let's go ahead and download it. So
for downloading all you have to do is
just click over here. I have already
downloaded it over here. Right. And uh
as soon I started the execution. Here
you can see that the first option that I
got was to choose the editor theme type.
Uh I have selected dark. And here you
can see there are a lot of options.
Agentdriven development, agent assisted
development, reviewdriven development,
custom configuration. So let's say that
you are a kind of a VIP coding guy. You
can go ahead with agent-driven
development. But I would like to have
agent assisted development because I
still believe I'm a good developer and
uh review policies. Agent decides here
you can also select always proceed
request review. Uh all these things are
so right now we'll keep this use the
default alloy list for the browser. I'll
go ahead and select next. Configure your
keyboard binding. There is options
normal. uh there are some seven
extensions popular extension it is going
to install and it is also going to have
a command line tool to open anti-gravity
with agy okay now I can go ahead and
sign it with Google I will go ahead and
use one of my email id for doing that
and once I do that I think we should be
able to open the anti-gravity perfect so
now it is setting up as our account okay
we'll go step by step I'm also using it
for the first time okay so this looks
code here you can see uh the UI is is
almost like VS code but VS code has more
information right uh here I've also
opened cursor so you can see cursor is
over here okay and in the cursor also
you'll be able to find uh on the right
hand side there will be a chat for the
agent and all right so this is how my
anti-gravity this looks like I can open
my folder so let's say that I go ahead
and open any of the project So many
different projects that I have actually
created you know. So let's open some
cloudy projects stock rack. Okay I I'll
just open this particular project. Okay
just type trust author. So this is my
entire project structure. Again it looks
good over here. Let me hide my face so
that you'll be able to see this. Uh this
is the agent here. You can actually do
planning each and everything. I'll
dismiss this. Okay. See planning fast
agent can plan before executing task.
Use for deep research and all. agent
will execute the task directly used for
simple task that can be compiled faster
and here you have lot of options with
respect to the model again as said it is
free for a specific user you can go
ahead and try it out right so here I'll
just go ahead and ask a question uh
explain me about the code base okay so
now probably we'll go ahead and hit this
particular request and see uh it is
examining the code structure it is fast
it is fast this is really good I think
I'm going to probably switch to the
anti-gravity. Um, but still I have that
very good feeling about VS Code because
I've been using it for a long time. But,
uh, this looks good, you know, and uh,
let me just zoom in so that you will
also be able to see this. So, here it is
analyzing all the projects uh, run
injection, run API. So, I've created a
lot many things over here, right? So,
here is my source folder. I have this
embedding. I I was basically creating a
rag application. So here you'll be able
to see everything and it is doing really
fast is using this Germany 3 pro and it
is probably making that specific
decisions quickly right this is good and
this free version can definitely be very
very important for all the people out
there who do not like to pay any kind of
money for the pro version. So getting
started to run the system you typically
set up your environment with open AI API
key python run this one python run API
to start the server each and every
information you are basically given uh
let's say that I go ahead and ask can
you provide some
improvements on the code
on the code
just
suggest okay so let's say that I've
again asked some of the questions uh
we'll see some more uh options with this
coding agent edit code in line all the
things uh one by one okay so here you
can see I'm diving into this this this
all the information is there reading
vector stroke crawl and implementation
everything is there okay um then we will
see this three important functionalities
that it has right and I feel this is the
future guys uh you have to probably do
the development with the help of agents
uh that is what we can actually see okay
uh one thing that I could not see over
Here just a second if I go ahead and
write okay images option is also there
workflow option is also there mention
you can add context based on this but I
did not see any MCP options uh which
usually cursor usually uh cloud code
usually has but this does not have that
basically means it is just focusing on
itself I've analyzed the core and list
recommended uh this one uh recommended
improvements so here you can see all the
information is basically there now let's
uh do one thing let's uh open the agent
agent manager once I'll just go ahead
and press Ctrl E. So here you can see
that uh it is an agent manager. You can
start the conversation. Uh here is the
agent manager. When you do ctrl E agent
manager basically uh uh it it starts
agents on task like deep research
longunning projects or background task
you can monitor the progress of multiple
agents and all are there right? So I'll
go ahead and say okay you can probably
open any number of agents in short.
Right? So that is what this is all
about. Uh if you want to try coding with
code with agents uh I will just press
Ctrl L which is this one. Okay. And edit
code inline Ctrl I. Let's open my fun
file. Ctrl I. So here you can see do you
want to install the uh recommended
Python extension for MS Python? Yes,
I'll go ahead and install it. So here
you can go ahead and install any kind of
uh um you know extensions that you
specifically require. And if you really
want to start with any kind of ID, you
need to have installation of Python and
all, right? If you want to go ahead and
start it, right? So if you want to go
ahead and execute it. So that that
option is there. So you you can go ahead
and install it. I will close this. Okay.
So mostly these are the functions. Along
with this, you have this one. You have
options of committing the code. All the
ID functionality is almost same. Nothing
so different. But I think this three are
there. The best thing for the user is
that you have you use it completely for
free. You can actually work with uh any
kind of agents over here. You can do
wipe coding. Uh the look and feel um I
would not say exactly it is like VS
code. It is a little bit different but
you know at the end of the day you don't
have to do anything you need you if you
believe in Google Germany models uh
which they actually providing you to for
completely for free can go ahead and
start planning and executing your code
with respect to this. Okay that was uh
most of it but all the other tasks that
you actually do in most of the projects
this can be really really handy. Okay.
Now let me do one thing. Let me go ahead
and create one project from scratch so
that you can also see that how fast it
can actually do it. Okay. So I'll go to
aentic AI. I will make a new folder
saying that okay this is my anti-gravity
demo. I will start completely from
scratch. I will open this.
Okay let's open this particular folder.
open folder
cloudy agentic AI
and let me see anti-gravity demo okay so
here it is uh yes I trust the authors
let's open the terminal the terminal
also looks almost same like how it is
for GitHub copilot okay command prompt
let's see I will go ahead and write uv
in it so it is initialized this
particular project repository I will go
ahead and write uvv and
So this is my environment.
Okay. I will go ahead and activate
things. Okay. And uh quickly I will go
ahead and write UV add let's say fast
API. I want to go ahead and add this
particular packages. Okay. Clear the
screen. Okay. Now I can go ahead and say
hey uh create a simple calculator.
calculator
app with fast API. Okay, the reason why
I'm using fast API is basically that I
can actually run this also. Okay, now it
is probably planning and it does not
have anything as such. Here you can see
that uh uh UV also it is able to detect
because you have this pi project to ml
file. So here you have installed pi fast
uh API. Okay. And now here you can see
right all the information is basically
coming up. See
now let's see uh open implementation
plan. So I will go ahead and open it. I
will proceed it. Okay something is
coming over here. I'll dismiss this.
Okay implementation plan. So this is the
plan. It probably creates this create a
simple plan calculator. Uh
here you can see I'll go ahead and
accept this. It'll run the command.
Everything is happening. You can see
modify main.py py all the information is
basically here and then you can execute
it by using this command uicon right so
I will go ahead and accept it
uicon is also been executed see the
command is also getting executed and I
hope so it is basically getting executed
within the same environment right and
here you can see all the information see
terminal things everything is basically
happening the UI uh still the UI needs
to be better but I feel Yeah, if if a
normal developer is there, I think he
should be able to understand it. Okay,
implemented backend logic. So in the
main.py, you can see all the information
is there. I will accept this. Okay.
Accept it.
And then you can see that we can run
this particular command in order to go
ahead and execute this. Okay.
So now you can just open this particular
link and your calculator has started.
Yeah. So everything is working
absolutely fine. So see how quickly
within just a couple of minute. Okay.
And I can just say stop the app. Okay.
When we say stop the app, you will be
able to see that it'll just go ahead and
close the app. From here also you can go
ahead and execute it. Uh uh from this
side also you can go ahead and execute
it. Right? So overall I liked the
anti-gravity. You should also definitely
go ahead and try it out. This was it
from my side. I hope you like this
particular video. Please do make sure to
hit like share with all your friends.
I'll see you all in the next video.
Bye-bye. Ticker.