[music]
Hey everyone, welcome back to Release
Notes. My name is Logan Kilpatrick. I'm
on the Google DeepMind team. Today we're
joined by Verun Mohan, who's the co-lead
for Google Anti-gravity. Uh Verun, thank
you for being here. Let's dive in and
talk about anti-gravity. Do you want to
sort of give us the TLDDR and like the
high level of what the product is and
all that stuff?
>> Yeah, so Anti-gravity is an agent
development platform. Obviously, it has
an IDE, but there are a couple sort of
key differentiators we've we've come to
market with uh to kind of start with.
So, in the very beginning, one of the
things it has is it has a familiar
editor that all of us know how to use.
Um, but it also has this agent manager
that allows you to orchestrate many many
agents that can operate over your
codebase and in addition a brand new
surface which is the browser. Agents now
with the advent of Gemini 3 can also
actuate the browser um in a very very
capable way. On top of that, the agents
are able to interact with the developer
in these kind of indivisible sort of
tasks that are and units called
artifacts that sort of give the
developer uh verifiable steps that the
agent is kind of going through and the
user can kind of go and back and forth
with these artifacts to kind of complete
longer and longer tasks. kind of the
inspiration here is and a lot of it was
by seeing Gemini 3, we basically saw
that models are able to now go longer
and longer with less human intervention
and we want to take maximal advantage of
this to to kind of give the best
possible experience to developers.
>> Yeah, I love that and I'm excited to
deep dive on like all the nuance of of
anti-gravity and some of the innovation
from a product perspective. actually
just to sort of set the stage um you
came over to DeepMind joined Google to
start focused on building this product
do a bunch of agentic coding stuff just
to sort of like that uh experience
[laughter] of like coming over and like
how it's been actually now seeing and
obviously I think you all were you know
sort of training models in some capacity
before but like now being sort of super
close to like the frontier foundation
model perspective I'm curious how that's
like influenced your sort of like level
of ambition but also excitement and like
what you're thinking about from a
product experience and like also just
generally what has what has it been like
to come and and join deep mind and do
all this stuff.
>> I think first what you said I think that
resonated the most is the level of
ambition. I think the level of ambition
has increased tremendously and that's
kind of because we we don't need to
reinvent the wheel in a lot of different
pieces, right? The model is like an
incredibly important piece to this
experience, right? Uh we can we can see
this if you have a bad model and it's
not able to go and follow instructions
properly, not able to take many many
steps in a row, it doesn't really
matter. You're kind of dead on arrival
in a lot of ways. And I think one of the
benefits uh of coming here that we've
sort of seen is how much we are pushing
the frontier of models not only for
coding but across many different axes
like multimodal capability UI control
all of these different pieces I think
are really really critical to deliver a
great experience. When I look at the
kind of industry over time, you can kind
of see how things have transformed,
right? If you go to 2021, you see the
advent of GitHub copilot, right? And and
it had kind of basic autocomplete and
that was already kind of groundbreaking
at the time, right? And then after that,
you had some of these chat experiences
with Gemini and Chad GBT. Um, and that
started to make its way into the ID as
well, right? A chat panel on the very
side uh that kind of understood your
codebase. It was very personalized to to
all the private data inside a company or
inside an organization. And then after
that you sort of had these agentic ids
and agentic experiences. And I think the
next version of this it can no longer be
the case that you understand code only.
They look at the browser. They kind of
do some research, right? They might read
some papers. Um on top of that they
might look at their bug their bug
reports to see what what tasks to
ultimately solve. And I think that's
what got me and the team very excited
about the fact that our models are
getting very capable not only in the
silo but across many many dimensions.
This is one of the threads that I I
personally had not sort of deeply groed
until I started thinking about this like
coming up to these launches of just like
how important but also different and
impressive it is to bring those like non
sort of coding developer
even though developers are doing
research and like non-traditional like
developer tasks into this experience and
I'm curious like how you sort of like
think about finding the balance because
obviously like developers do a whole lot
of like their own you know, you know,
meetings and they have calendar needs
and like where do you sort of draw the
line of like what is like stops being a
core part of that experience and you
would sort of like outsource out of that
main product experience versus like what
do you pull in and like maybe research
is one of those things and you know some
like QA testing or deployments or stuff
like that like where where's that line
in your head right now?
>> Yeah. So when I think about what does a
developer ultimately do, writing code is
maybe a very small chunk of what they
ultimately do, right? They write code,
they review code, they test code, they
debug code, they deploy code, right? Um
there's many many aspects of this. And
for each of those, they might do they
might actually have a completely
different surface, right? Um I'll give
you an example, right? Inside inside
Google, we use Google Docs, right? And
we might draw write up system designs
inside Google Docs. And it's quite
important actually to understand the
system design um if you're going to go
make a large scale change in the code or
you're going to review code right for
that matter. And in that case I think if
all we did was looked at the code only
um we'd be operating in a very narrow
silo. We wouldn't be able to solve these
very hard problems for the developer.
And the way I like to look at it is it's
almost like you're chopping wood right a
developer has 100 units of time. Some
units of time is spent writing code. And
we can if we all we do let's say that's
20%. If all we do is we make it very
easy once you know exactly what to do to
write the code I think there's a limit
to how much more we can accelerate
software development
>> right um like I think I think basically
if you look at the hierarchy of needs
and what we're able to provide for
developers it's like what what should I
build how should I build it and building
it and I think the models if we're only
able to do code they help with the
building it part but how should I build
it it's actually a very very interesting
question that I think AI can help
accelerate tremendously and I think
anti-gravity has a lot of the pieces to
kind of push in that direction as well,
right?
>> Who who is actually the ideal user for
anti-gravity? Like is and both like
actually there's lots of folks using it
internally. It'll it's available
externally now. Like who do you think is
going to be like the most successful
user persona today?
>> I think it's very important in all of
these products in general to be a dog
foodter of the product, right? Um
otherwise you're kind of just like
implementing a bunch of features and you
kind of see these products where all
they have is a bunch of features and
you're unsure exactly what's going to
get used or what what's not going to get
used. So internally at Google um a lot
of Google DeepMind actually does use uh
does use the product. Um this gives us
like a lot of rich feedback about how we
can iterate even before we ship
something to the public. For folks who
don't have context, the internal Google
codebase, all this infrastructure is
extremely I would guess on average much
more complex than other environments
like anywhere in the world. I think
that's a really unique requirement and
like challenge of doing this actually
inside of Google. It' be easier to like
build something completely external that
doesn't have to touch Google stuff and I
think the internal stuff is extremely
difficult.
>> Yeah, exactly. Um I think this is
definitely hardening our our our product
uh to work with the largest enterprises.
I think if any kind of talks to us and
is like hey is anti-gravity working on a
very large code I think very few
companies have a larger codebase than
Google surprisingly yeah we you know
because of the product and you know
targeting all these developers folks
like Sergey use the product all the time
um he's he's shipping a lot of CLS and
PRs now which I guess is a is like a
really good thing uh for him to be dog
fooding the product as well uh but I
think at a high level sort of we we're
trying to make sure that a lot of the
researchers inside the company are are
able to use the product and the benefit
here is they can kind of also see the
the capabilities of the Gemini models um
in real world scenarios. It also gives
us a lot of rich feedback of what is it
like for anti-gravity to be useful for
solving very very complex tasks. Right.
I think there's one thing for if we're
viating very ephemeral applications, but
I guess the real persona and you've got
to it is the developer.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. We want developers to be able to
build their dreams, right? We want them
to be able to build uh very very complex
apps that solve really hard business use
cases. We'd like singular developers to
build entire companies, right? I think
this is like a line that's floating
around um a lot in the ether right now.
But I think as a as a whole kind of
working with the with a lot of the
researchers um we've also learned a lot
right about about the style of task that
we need to be able to solve. And this
dubtales back to the conversation of the
model only being good at code. It's very
clear if we want to accelerate a lot of
research which we're very excited to do.
um the model will need to do a lot of
things beyond just write code, right? A
researcher might fire off a training
job. They might kick off an eval. They
might need to analyze the eval. And this
is like a lot of boilerplate work that
they're doing, a lot of which doesn't
sit inside the editor, right? And sits
on many, many other surfaces. And this
also was the inspiration for why we want
the browser, right? It's not just for UI
testing kind of simple web applications.
It's for actually actuating um the like
kind of the browser for very complex use
cases that we'd like we'd like for for
the general developer.
>> And how do you think about the do you
have a sense that this user persona will
change over time? Like obviously the
whole sort of like tailwind of like who
is a developer is changing what it means
to create software is changing. I do
think the experience today like feels
very developer centric and do you think
like over time you'll sort of like add
abstraction layers on top of that? So,
one interesting thing we've already
found is folks that are not technical
are already using anti-gravity
internally, uh, which is which is very
cool to see. Um, I think the way I would
like to for us to think about it is we
should be constantly trying to raise the
ceiling of the product, but also making
it really really easy for folks that are
just technical adjacent to be able to
get value from the product, right? Um,
but I think my worry about us opening up
the floodgates today is we kind of
become a product that is not good for
either persona, right? And that's like a
big worry that I sort of have. Um, like
in my mind, if I'm looking at a pure
vibe coding use case where you want to
quickly build an app and then have all
the bells and whistles of AI infused in
it, AI Studio is an awesome platform to
go and do this. And I think we should
not be trying to replicate that
experience, right? We would love for
people to use AI Studio for those
experiences. And if they have an
application that they'd like to kind of
kind of continue to iterate on over time
or add more features to over time, we
would like anti-gravity to be the right
platform for that.
>> This was you and I were going back and
forth on this and I think it's actually
an interesting uh it's an interesting
point to make mention of like we will
actually have the AI studio to
anti-gravity path. Um we we're still
figuring out the details and making sure
that it works well and all that stuff.
Like I do think like for a lot of folks
they start even technical folks they
like start with this vibe coding journey
and they're like okay great I sort of
can now start to materialize my idea I
am a software engineer I am a developer
I really want to go deep on this and
make sure I've made all the right
technical decisions to scale up etc etc
and I think being able to like take
things that you vibe coded out of AI
studio go to anti-gravity I think is
going to be this like magical experience
so I'm I'm excited for that to land
hopefully the team
>> I think I think that's going to make
these apps like more econom ically
valuable to the people that are building
them
>> 100%. Um I'm also curious like this um
this sort of like broad industry trend
of like agents versus the IDE and
obviously you sort of like have both of
these. Do you think there's a world
where like you stop
like the IDE actually goes away and you
sort of are truly orchestrating agents?
And I think I think and I don't know how
much you want to talk about, but like
there's like literally like design
product decisions that you all been
making the last few days about like what
is the default experience? Like what do
we drop developers into? And I think
there's actually an this is an
interesting thread of like what how do
you meet developers where they are today
versus like also showing them this
future of what you could do. Um and
yeah, I'm curious like that tension
actually as you as you build this. Yeah,
I think for the for like the foreseeable
future um the editor is not going away
and that's purely because I think
developers need the control to
ultimately see the underlying code and
edit it um right at the lowest level
like taking that away is going to be
like catastrophic in a lot of cases,
right? But I think what ultimately does
happen is maybe the time you spend
actually writing singular lines of code
in the editor doing autocompletes and
all these things may drastically go down
over time, right? And then what
ultimately ends up happening is the
editor looks like any other work surface
for a developer. Right? If you think
about it, there are many places that a
developer generates a work product.
Editor is one. Maybe inside the their
code review tool is another. Uh maybe in
a Google Docs or Docs or Sheets is
another one. And I guess all of these
become like important services um that
kind of an agent can operate on top of
and collaborate with a human, right? Um
but I don't think it is going to be the
case that the editor itself is going to
go away. I think the entry point of how
much time people spend looking at
individual lines of code in the editor
instead of looking at artifacts which is
a new new kind of paradigm that we
brought together with I think the
trade-off will be artifacts will the
amount of time people spend looking at
artif art artifacts and verifiable sort
of units u from the agent is going to
increase right and I think the nature of
why that's going to be the case in
general is let's imagine the AI is going
to write most of your code then actually
a lot of it is going to be the AI needs
to figure out and the agent needs needs
to figure out a way to make it easy for
the developer to review the code without
kind of kind of like making them write
every piece themselves, right? So there
does need to be this higher level
abstraction that lives between the the
kind of developer and the agent. Um and
uh and yeah, the editor may not be the
the like the editor or the lines of code
themselves may not be that interface.
>> Yeah, I I totally buy that to be honest.
I feel like it is this like evolution of
like what are and like today you're
reviewing PRs uh or CL's if you're
internal to Google. Um and like in the
future maybe it literally is you're
reviewing like the implementation plan
or like the execution plan or like the
the final test suite or something like
that. Um that that brings me to another
thread around sort of this like agent
human collaboration and how like
verification and autonomy and all that
stuff is like baked into the product
experience. Obviously today like models
can't run for at least you know reliably
in a lot of cases aren't running for
days on end or even like hours on end.
It is a little bit sort of like faster
of a feedback loop. So I'm curious how
you all are thinking about in
anti-gravity today like when is the
human in the loop versus like what
decisions can you just like fully
delegate delegate and let the model run
with. So actually we we give you a way
in the product to kind of have this
thing called agent assisted development
which is you can actually specify the
level of autonomy you want to give the
agent um and the agent itself can decide
hey like for these kinds of terminal
commands that it runs or for these tasks
does it want to notify the user does it
think the threshold is high enough uh to
notify the user and obviously we have
like evaluations internally to make sure
that these are reasonable but is this
reasonable um are these commands that
are being run something that it should
tell the user and I think you do need to
kind of kind of trust that the AI will
do this, but at the same time, you need
to give kind of the escape hatch for the
developer to kind of provide feedback.
And that's why kind of in the artifact,
you can asynchronously provide feedback
anywhere. You can provide feedback
almost like comments on a on a Google
doc, right? Um in in in on in on the
artifact um also on the chat panel, you
can always write a comment and it will
be folded into whatever the agent is
doing. The agent will decide when the
right time is to fold in this, right?
So, I think there's going to be a mix of
everything because I I see a world and I
already see this right now at Google
where folks are going and grabbing a
coffee and coming back and they're
looking at the work that the agent has
done and they're like, "Hey, actually, I
want to tweak it this way and and it
will go and take that feedback and and
go and continue working for the next 30
40 minutes." Uh, actually, yeah, it's
kind of remarkable that this has
happened in such a short period of time.
>> Yeah, that is super interesting. I have
a a very tactical question which is this
um and we actually see this across the
ecosystem for a lot of these coding
agents today is what's happening um on
server side versus what's happening
locally and I think this is an
interesting distinction and I think
today if my understanding is correct is
gravity is running locally on my device
um obviously it's connected to a server
a model that's hosted on a server
somewhere but like the code is being
generated and stuff and it's visible on
my computer um how do you think about
like that and obviously that means like
I have to have my my computer has to be
on in order to continue to make
progress. How do you think about that
experience today versus like the server
side background agent sort of running in
a container somewhere and like the
trade-off between those two and like do
they converge at some point? Is it the
are they completely different use cases
long term as well?
>> No, I think that they do converge. Um I
think that's because this isn't like you
have to imagine a model or an agent that
is able to go for a very short period of
time and complete a task. Um or can go a
long period of time can also complete
the task in a short period of time. The
model is not going to be somehow able to
only think long but not think short
right it would be a weird property and I
think that's what all of us here at
Google and Deepbind are really pushing
for right models that can go for longer
and longer and execute tasks and more
and more complex tasks right and you're
totally right. I think I think these
tasks outliving the the sort of
developers machine is going to be quite
important. But I think all the
principles that we just talked about
about being able to provide feedback and
all these different pieces is very very
important. And I think the reason why
it's important and why some of these
asynchronous experiences haven't taken
off nearly as much at least in the
market um I think is actually because I
I don't know about you but I'm really
really bad about communicating my
intentions to the model.
>> Right? When I tell it hey do X in the
back of my head I have a hundred other
requirements. Yep. But I'm not very good
at specifying them. Like I could
actually tell all of our users, hey,
specify every requirement up front, but
some things you only learn after you see
the code.
>> Yeah, it's a very iterative journey.
It's kind of like why you can make a PRD
or or uh a system design, but ultimately
when rubber meets the road and you
actually build this thing out, there's a
there's a gap between the two. You
realize, hey, there this piece um
actually didn't fit in the way you
thought it did. And because of that
actually despite having a very
asynchronous system you need mechanisms
to allow the user to kind of understand
the progress so far and iterate on it.
So I think all the pieces we have built
into anti-gravity are going to really
really like help in that environment as
well. I think you really want that
there. Right. I find it very hard to
believe I have a very complex codebase.
I say dox
and specify a sentence. It is going to
come back with exactly the right thing I
want. Right? Because one approach that
it could take is delete all my code and
rewrite it all from scratch and then do
X. But I wouldn't really want this,
right? And I actually think this
dovetailes into one last thing that we
do have in anti-gravity that I think
helps with this experience, which is
that I think one of the things that I
love about about Google as a product as
a whole, and my goal is not to just say
only positive things about Google is it
almost feels like it does it does read
your mind and understand context, right?
Um like for instance, if I just did if I
just sort of like searched a lot about a
basketball game and then I wrote curry,
it's going to show me Steph Curry. It's
not going to show me chicken curry.
Yeah. Right. Um, and I think you want
the same experience also when you're
using the Asian and because of that
actually self-improvement is kind of
built as a key sort of primitive into
anti-gravity actually. So as you're
>> knowledge panel,
>> this is the knowledge panel. So the idea
here is like as you're using the
product, it is actually building up
knowledge of your usage. So the next
time you use it, it is not rederiving
everything, right? Because you can
imagine these conversations that you
have with the agent, they're very rich
in information. They're not only they
they teach the agent things that are
outside of the codebase because a lot of
knowledge it's kind of like what you
said right there's a lot of meetings
that we do have and that builds
intrinsic knowledge that doesn't live
inside the codebase and the codebase
might be a little bit out of date on
what the actual intent of the user is
and I think that kind of helps you
bridge the gap but despite all that I
don't think that this is enough I do
think you want an interactive experience
even if the model is able to go out for
days weeks and months right imagine the
idea of of uh of someone telling you hey
Logan go implement this feature and
You're like, "Okay, uh, the agent says
it's going to take 3 weeks." You look at
it at the end of 3 weeks and it's wrong.
>> You're going to be like, "It's it's bad,
right?" Like release date needs to keep
getting bumped at that point.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. And I there's so many u human
analogies where like um if you were an
engineering team like the worst outcome
is I as a product person say like I need
X Y and Z feature and then I show back
up in 3 weeks after they've completely
done everything and then I'm like this
actually isn't what I want. Like you
check in there's an process. So I think
I think it like mirrors the what what
humans do today as as a best practice
>> as as you have been talking and I think
more broadly in this moment of like um
you know the anti-gravity product coming
together and sort of agents coming
together it is interesting one of my
reactions is just like how or the
questions in my mind is just like how
much do some of these like agentic
coding experiences generalized across
domains that have nothing to do with
coding like as you're describing like
you know the human in the loop
components I want to be able to like
have knowledge. I want to be able to
like do tasks in the browser and
research. Like I start to imagine I'm
like this is just like all like all work
fits in. And obviously some work you're
generating code for, some work you're
creating other artifacts. And I'm
curious like um yeah maybe there are a
bunch of bespoke things that will
continue just for software. But have you
thought much about like how much this
generalizes to just an agent overall?
>> I guess you know the hard part about
this is this goes to show the power of
these models.
>> Yeah. just that they are like generally
very intelligent.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. Um and that enables you to solve
many tasks. And I think you're totally
right. I found myself using anti-gravity
for very different things, right? Um I
think recently I asked it to analyze a
bunch of uh a bunch of metric data,
right? Um and this metric data had
nothing to do with the code or or
anything, right? Actually was on some
website. I wanted to analyze some sports
stats.
>> Yeah.
>> And actually wrote like a very local
script. It did some stuff generated me
an artifact, a plot. I iterated on the
plot a little bit in image space and
then after that I got a brand new plot
and now I've been kind of like using
this internally just to kind of like
analyze I guess maybe maybe to give you
an example like I I just started getting
to baseball and show Otani seems like
kind of otherworldly figures. I've been
just analyzing other baseball players to
see is there anyone remotely close
surprise surprise no one is remotely
close but I just wanted to kind of get
get some metrics on that and um I think
I think it's very very easy to see how
this generalizes beyond just uh beyond
just software development. I guess the
the reason why we are not talking about
this as if it's a a very general purpose
tool is I always have kind of a deep
worry that hey if we go and try to make
the product great for everyone we will
make the product great for no one.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. And that's like a deep worry that
I sort of have and I think we deeply
understand the developer. We're all
developers um ultimately. And I think I
think one of the things that is true
that I think is exciting is the number
of developers in the world has been
growing, right? Um so maybe maybe that's
the right way to kind of formulate this
is the number of people that are
builders and developers is going up,
right? And and that's just because the
ease of of building has been going up,
right? You look at the very beginning,
people were writing assembly.
>> Yeah. very very hard to we made assembly
is horrible. If you haven't written
assembly, don't write assembly.
>> Exactly. And then after that you had C
um right and then you had C++, Java,
Python and Python if you just look at
the gap in what a Python developer needs
to know and what a assembly developer
needs to know. It almost looks like they
are not the same thing.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Right. Um and the barrier to entry is
now definitely reducing over time. And I
think anti-gravity I think will will
serve a need for people that want to
build right. Um but also at the same
time for the people that are just
experienced developers it will continue
to sort of increase the ceiling. I think
the commitment that we have is we are
not just going to make it so that it is
very easy to build these apps. We want
to make it so that if you're operating
over the hardest code bases, the most
complex code bases that provide the most
business value, we will accelerate sort
of development as much as we can.
>> Yeah, I love that. I have a bunch of
very narrow questions. Uh, one, what got
you into baseball?
>> Um,
>> just like just the world.
>> I'm not gonna lie. I Yeah, I um
>> I think just this idea of a I guess this
is maybe like a childhood dream. You're
like, can someone or like I I I guess I
played I played uh little league for
like a year um in uh in elementary
school. And you know there was like
someone who was very good and you he
both could could pitch and bat and uh
you know you kind of like watch hear
about baseball and it's like people are
very specialized and uh somehow show is
just doing both at a world class level
and you're like this doesn't make sense.
Like it doesn't make sense that this is
even possible. Like probabilistically
this does not make sense and that's like
a childhood dream of having someone so
so overpowered that exists out there.
>> It's like it's like Gemini 3 Pro.
>> Yes. This is Shouldn't exist. Um, where
another fast follow is like where does
the anti-gravity name come from?
>> So, I think as developers we're
remarkably bad at sort of naming things.
So, we went externally uh for for this
um to someone we we think is like uh
like genuinely amazing. And I I think I
think the reason why this fit the reason
why we thought this fit was um like we
want to create an experience where
you're basically not limited at all,
right? and your imagination is kind of
the only constraint. And I think this
idea of anti-gravity um and and the
space theme and the fact that there's
basically no limits was sort of very
attractive to us.
>> Yeah, I love that. I also feel like it
ties to this like Gemini 3 narrative of
like helping you bring any idea to life
and it can the model is really capable
of doing that. So I feel like there's a
lot of dovetail. It also will we've been
trying for a long time to have somehow
get the first people vibe coding in
space. So I think maybe anti-gravity
will be the first sort of
>> even doing that.
>> I I don't know. We got to figure it out.
Supposedly, it's like $500,000 for
launch tickets or something. I don't
know. We'll we'll see if it happens, but
we got to get uh anti-gravity as the
first uh developer coding product on the
moon. Let's figure out how to make it
happen. I don't know.
>> Let's do it.
>> Let's do it.
>> Yeah. Another great property is kind of
the uh like a shortened acronym um is
kind of like AGY. Yeah. Uh which I think
is both short catchy. Um obviously wink
wink to to AGI.
>> Yeah. This is the I think this is the
best uh one of the best.
>> Logan seems to think that itself has
justified the entire naming.
>> The whole the whole naming for Agy makes
sense. Every time I see it, I'm like, I
get it. This is tongue and cheek. This
is great. Uh so kudos to to you and to
the marketing team for coming up with
that. It's a great uh yeah, it's a great
acronym. One of the things that um gets
me most excited about the anti-gravity
experience is it's not just uh like a
single. It's not just Gemini 3 Pro
that's that's coming to the experience.
It's actually like the whole suite of
Google's models including our latest
generative AI models or generative media
models rather. Um you want to sort of
talk through that at the high level and
like how you're thinking about like what
models actually make it into the
experience?
>> Yeah, I think that's one thing that's
particularly exciting to the team um at
least being at GDM and then also at
Google is that we have state-of-the-art
models across many realms, right? Um
image generation, the latest and
greatest nano banana sort of
capabilities are embedded into the
product. um all the future capabilities
on day one we envision will also be in
the product as well. We want to be at
the cutting edge of what Gemini has to
offer. The benefit here is we're we're
kind of at the forefront of what the
model is and we're also able to then
push the models not only on the product
side but the research side in terms of
here's what frontier agentic
capabilities are and here's how we need
to be making the models more capable in
many many different axes. Um, as you
pointed out, UI controls also baked into
the model as well. And super excited
about about the progress we made in a
very short period of time.
>> Yeah, I feel like this ensemble of all
the models coming together is super
powerful. So, maybe we actually let's
let's do the experience. Let's try the
demo and we'll see the models come
together.
>> Awesome.
>> Let's do it.
>> This is an example of sort of a very
simple app. I think it's a I think the
benefit of showing this is to kind of
see what the brand new capabilities
anti-gravity brings to the table. It's
going to be Airbnb for dogs here. It's
not the most complex web. very hard to
show a demo of something working in a
complex codebase in a very short period
of time. Yeah.
>> Um, so for now, what I'm going to do is
I'm just going to ask, uh, I want to
build an app for Airbnb for dogs.
>> Can you just show me a couple designs?
Um, and let me review them.
Right. So now it should just go out and
and as it's going and doing work, it's
going and thinking, right? Our model has
like dynamic thinking. It's able to
think through things. Um, and it's gonna
it's gonna kind of formulate a couple
images for me to for me to take a look
at. Um,
>> and maybe we can talk about uh images
are one of the things that fall into
this artifacts category. Um, so you want
to give a sort of quick TLDDR on like
what artifacts are and how folks should
be thinking about them.
>> Yeah. So, as you can see, what it did
very quickly was it generated a task.
Um, and a task is itself an artifact
that kind of in this case it's trying to
explain to the user uh what it is about
to do, right? And an artifact is
basically the mechanism for the agent to
communicate with the user and some work
product of like maybe the steps it's
going to take or the steps it's already
taken so far. So in this case it has
already generated a couple nice uh sort
of images for me to kind of take a look
at. Uh one is called K9 concierge and
other one is called pup stay. Um K9
concierge sounds very stateful. So maybe
what I should do is um I want to make a
little bit of an edit here. Uh maybe
what I can uh what I can what I can say
is um I want this to be called pup stay
instead. So I'm going to take the best
of one and another one and I'm going to
I'm going to asynchronously provided a
review. As you can see there's now a
grade out bubble here that kind of shows
hey I did provide a review. It was
almost as you can see almost in a Google
doc style format uh that I did um and I
added a comment here. And as the model
now trucks goes through, it's going to
pick up that comment. And we'll we'll
kind of see it do that um as it does
this. So it it updated its its task.md.
It said, "Hey, it did review the design
with the user." And it's now picked up
my sort of comment as well, right? Um so
we'll see that we'll see that come
about.
>> Is it is it common? Would you want to
like ceue up like four or five of those?
>> Yeah, I can do that. I can queue up four
or five of these messages to the AI.
It's kind of similar to how, you know,
if we did this and we actually went and
grabbed coffee, I might see something
and I might not like what I saw and I'll
just ceue up a bunch of tasks. So, it
generated an implementation plan for me.
Honestly, I I, you know, because it's a
demo, I'm not going to read it that
carefully, but I feel very strongly
about adding documentation. Similar
similarly, Google style, Google Doc
style, I can like add a comment here and
I can say, please make sure to document
the HTML file. And we we had talked
before about this sort of like notion of
the knowledge panel and is is this maybe
one of the inputs if you're like
consistently saying like I want
documentation for my uh for my app or I
want it to use X Y andZ style format or
you know library etc etc. Those are the
types of things that will like
automatically be picked up and then
distilled into this like knowledge panel
so that I won't have to ideally continue
to feedback.
>> Yeah. So this this is purely an
artifact. Actually the artifacts that
you generate can be used in the future.
they're actually something that can be
so let's say I did build an artifact and
I continue to use the repository it can
pull this up knowledge is something that
the model is given the opportunity when
it goes through some amount of work to
kind of save some state
>> and once again this is it's crazy that
that this is not like some hacked up
thing or heristic this is the model
deciding I did a meaningful chunk of
work that is very specific and I'd like
to remember this going forward and
potentially retrieve it in the future
>> and our product is capable of kind of
retrieving these these pieces of
knowledge. So one of the things that
just happened by the way along the way
is it kind of wanted to install
something and actually a lot of terminal
commands we've run in auto mode but for
installation where it changes something
on your local machine we come back to
the user and ask it to kind of make the
change as you can see for that I just
plopped open the editor here what we
have open is the manager and I was able
to kind of accept the change there so
this is one of those cases where I don't
need to commit to one way or another I
can take a look at the code if I really
want and you can see that a bunch of
code was actually generated and I could
open this and kind of read it. I don't
want to right now. I'm being lazy. Um
but um but yeah, it went and created a
sort of implementation. It's going to
continue sort of operating and we'll
kind of see what it what it comes out
with. Do you think do you see
practically do folks like and this is a
very nuanced question but like do they
like split screen like IDE and then and
then agent man or is it literally like
most of the time you're like just from
folks internally and externally we've
been testing with is like mostly in the
agent or mostly in the ID or like how do
you see the split right now?
>> It's interesting I think for tasks where
you want to do something very very high
level. Um by the way once again you can
see creating documented HTML structure
you can see that it already took my
piece of VBA. Yeah,
>> you might live entirely in the in sort
of the the agent manager entirely,
right? And I'll show you cases where you
can pop open the inbox and kind of see a
bunch of tasks queued up like at a much
higher level and you can operate on it.
But if you're going to make a very
nuance change and it's going to edit a
lot of code, you probably do want to
look at the code uh kind of ultimately
as well. It really depends on what
you're trying to do. I found myself
actually using the agent manager to do a
lot of deep research style queries and
for that actually I can live entirely in
sort of the agent manager um because I
actually trust the summary that the
model is kind of giving me. Yeah, if
>> that makes sense.
>> No, that makes a ton of sense.
>> So actually interestingly what it did
was it it um it created the app. It is
now capturing screenshots of the running
app. So this is actually the beautiful
part of anti-gravity able to actuate the
Chrome browser itself. This is a pretty
beautiful website honestly. Yeah.
>> So, hey, the agent is doing some work
here. So, I'm going to go back because
we want to let the user know that
something like this is happening. And
it's going through kind of a
verification step. And the beautiful
part about this is it even provides a
screenshot of what it did in the
verification step or like a kind of a
kind of walkthrough of what ultimately
ended up happening. So, this is one of
those cases where actually if I walked
away and grabbed a coffee and came back,
I could actually be like, "Okay, how did
you know that the website looked good
and it's actually that okay, I had a
screenshot. I actually recorded stuff
and clicked some buttons along the way
and here is actually the proof of work
that what I had was actually correct."
>> I love that in at the at the very end.
>> And we were talking off camera right
before this, but um there's a
anti-gravity chrome. This just like
plugs into your existing Chrome and then
>> plugs into existing Chrome installation
uh necessary. Um it just opens up a
Chrome profile and is able to operate
right there. So you can just take over
from there and continue using it as if
it's your own browser.
>> Nice. Awesome. And is it mo is the
browser actuation mostly right now
testing or will it also like for the for
the research that you were explaining
before like those types of tasks will it
like go to Google search and like start
like browsing around and doing that type
of stuff or is it
>> 100% do that?
>> Oh, interesting. We found it as well and
we actually evaluate the model on all
these capabilities and in the product
itself to be able to actually go and do
deep research and all these other things
and the reason is fundamentally because
you can imagine one of the use cases I
guess like we've sort of tried doing is
hey find me my top priority bugs
>> and then sort by them. So this actually
requires you to go on a brand new
website um maybe use the search
functionality, click a couple buttons to
research to kind of like filter and and
sort through things and ultimately come
back with hey here's the task you need
to do.
>> So this is this is much more than just
open an app an app and just click a
couple buttons. It's actually deeply
understanding like a page
>> and needing to use search and a bunch of
other tools on there.
>> That's crazy.
>> Yeah. And by the way, this uses the the
the latest and greatest like UI control
capabilities of the Gemini models uh to
basically be able to do this
>> state of the art. Yeah. So maybe maybe
just to walk through a little bit about
about this, you know, just through the
course of doing this, you can kind of
see the model has given you uh and the
agent has given you kind of the proof of
work of everything it did. It provided
all of its design concepts that got you
here, right? Um it also gave you like a
nice implementation plan, the set of
tasks that it accomplished and a final
walkthrough um about this, right? And
implemented like you can actually see
that it took all my feedback. It
implemented the K K9 concierge aesthetic
with the pop state branding. So it
actually like provides all this. And if
I want, I can even pop open the files in
the manager itself. This is one of those
cases where you don't need to jump out.
Once again, we're not trying to say the
editor is not useful, but we want to
make it possible that this becomes your
command center in a lot of ways for all
these agents. Um, and you can even see
all of the videos that I can now comment
on and continue to sort of iterate on,
right? Um, let's take a look at the app.
One interesting thing about the app is
it very clearly only tried to make the
pages I cared about which is the main
page. If I actually hover over
experiences and become a host, it is
very clearly pointing to nothing. So
what I'm going to do now is I'll
actually showcase a new capability which
is that um I can actually create many
many sort of agents uh that kind of
operate over operate over the same piece
of code. In fact, I can even do it
across many many pieces. Uh but let me
just start a brand new conversation,
right? Um, so I'm going to start a brand
new conversation about Airbnb. I wanted
to
>> and just to clarify, how do you how do
you know when you go to the inbox that
like it's you're connected to it's
because you like have the workspace
selected and that's how it's like
attached to a specific project.
>> Yeah. So the the inbox and I'll show it
to you just shortly. It actually has
basically all the agent sort of um work
streams that I've had are in the inbox
regardless of what sort of workspace I
was operating on top of. So this is a
brand new workspace called Airbnb.
because it was empty when we started.
Um, so right now I'm just going to kick
off a couple things and let's just do
that first. So I'm going to say uh the
experiences tab is tab is empty
fill it in. Right? And I'm going to do
that and then I'm also in parallel going
to start another conversation. It's very
very quick to do this. I'm going to now
say the become a host host tab is empty.
Fill it in. And actually I want to start
a brand new another conversation here. I
have another project called baseball
stats. I don't really know what it does.
Um, what does this do? Right. Um, I
think it was made uh a while ago. Um, so
now I can I can kind of see a bunch of
these running sort of tabs here and one
of them has become idle and I can pop in
whenever I want and I can search for
these conversations. I can search for
only the pending ones. You can kind of
see three or four of them are kind of uh
pending right now and running.
>> Pop in whenever I want.
>> Yeah. And idle means like the task is
done and it's like ready for you to
>> ready for me to jump in if I really
want. Got it. Right. And now it's made
me a brand new implementation plan for
this one that I can take a look at. I
really don't want to take a look at it
that closely right now. So I'll just
I'll just wait for it. This is like our
coffee moment. So I can pop open the
inbox and I actually see a couple of
them have finished or one of them has
actually finished, right? Um
correspondingly. So uh one of them has
actually gone idle. So it's actually
done a proper kind of deep research for
me here uh of what this does. So it said
based on the analysis, it's a React web
application that breaks down some data
from some sources and here's here's
something and I can dig deeper if I
really want. But this is like one of
those things now that it's kind of
changed my development model. The cost
of asking a question, making changes is
so low. I'm just firing off a lot of
things in parallel, right? And I have I
can now orchestrate many of these
agents. And the beautiful thing about
this is this actually operated on a
brand new workspace. In the past, you
would need to open up an entirely new
editor window. This is why these two
have been decoupled, if that makes
sense. like why we've done this and if I
really want there's always a shadow
editor available even for this workspace
called baseball set. So I can press
command D and I'm right there.
>> Wow.
>> So if I want I can have it but if I
don't want and I want to be decluttered
it's gone. So um so we have that and now
we have interestingly for the file
experiences it really wants me to go and
run something to run a command. So I'm
going to press accept. It's actually
going and modifying my the browser too.
So um and going and doing things. So, I
guess like the agent is going and doing
its own thing here. Um, it opened up a
browser. Because it opened up the
browser, it should hopefully give me
some sort of verification of what it
did. Um, it's going and ripping through
a bunch of tool calls in parallel.
>> How much do you find that like
personally for you as you're as you're
using anti-gravity that you're sort of
going with the flow of model suggesting
versus like, and I guess this depends on
like the model quality overall versus
like course correcting like no actually
go and do these things as well. Do do
you just just spend more time, you know,
again, firing off thoughts and trying to
like try different things versus like
over correcting models in certain
directions?
>> Yeah, I I feel like I find myself
understanding the hills and valleys of
the model. In other words, I feel like
at every given point, I'm always trying
to push the capabilities of the model
more and more. And the benefit of sort
of doing that is is um as I understand
that more, I kind of give it more
autonomy. Mhm.
>> It's like, okay, I specified the task
well enough. I'm just going to kind of
let it go do what it's doing, and I
don't really want to review what it's
doing.
>> I love that.
>> So, it basically has implemented the
become a host page. So, I can see this.
It created this beautiful become a host
page. Um, I have a walk through and the
beauty of the walkthrough is actually
shows me clicking the model, clicking
become a host, and scrolling. So, once
again, I could live here entirely. If
the browser was closed, I could totally
do that.
>> Yeah. And and just from uh this is tied
to the model piece, but also just like
the product experience story is your
suggestion for developers as they're
sort of like putting anti-gravity
through its paces like should they be
you know taking like you know here are
the 25 features I want in in this app
and like just dropping those into like a
single workspace or like a single like
model turn and then just it'll do the
implementation plan, it'll test
everything or is it like break it up
into smaller pieces and kick those off
independently or like what's the best
practice? I have found myself really
enjoying breaking it off into smaller
pieces and and kicking them off
independently.
>> And the reason is just because I think
the implementation plans, the
verification is much more digestible
>> in this case. Now granted, this does
mean that it is like quite important
that what you're looking at is disjoint.
>> So you do need to at this point be a
little smart about it. But ultimately,
if you're doing something that touches
many different pieces, you do need to
think about the coordination of it. you
want 10 different features and they all
kind of do 10 different things. It's
actually important that you understand
what's going on.
>> Yeah. No, that's I feel like it's very
much like
sort of a collaborative partner. Like it
really is like you're there's a human in
the loop. Like you in some cases you can
sort of let the model go off and run
wild. But I feel like the way it sounds
like the way you're saying is the best
the best experience is doing it with the
model and you're sort of continuing to
give the feedback iteratively.
>> That's right. What one of the big
questions is like obviously sort of just
at the macro context like this is and we
were chatting about this in ping over
the last couple of weeks but like this
is v one of the anti-gravity experience
>> and like to say it's v v 0
>> v 0 v 0.1 of the anti-gravity experience
and like it's awesome and folks I think
are going to enjoy it and be super
excited but like what's the um what's
the sort of like path to follow along
with obviously you all are going to be
shipping a ton of stuff and like the
pace of progress on the model side the
product side is going to be really rapid
like how do people stay in the loop. Uh
or do we have to do a podcast every time
you you all go and ship a bunch of
stuff?
>> Yeah, I think what is what how we think
about it is the model capabilities will
continue to increase and as the model
capabilities continue to increase, there
will be brand new product form factors
that take advantage of the model
capabilities. Yeah. And that's kind of
what you've seen in the past, right? As
we said, autocomplete, um it was very
quick. You just had some ghost text,
right? And then chat, you had a chat
panel on the side. The agent now it's
able to kind of like make changes in the
codebase and you're allowed to review
them. Now with the agent manager, you
can now orchestrate tens or hundreds of
agents in parallel um that are each not
only operating on top of your ID but a
browser, right? And as you can see each
of the times the model capabilities
increase. And why is the agent manager
possible? It's because the model can go
for much longer. The model could only go
for one step. What's the point of
running 10 or 20 of them in parallel?
You just run one at a time
>> cuz you need to babysit it. And I think
the way we'd like to think about it is
over time as the model capabilities
increase we are going to have brand new
ways for the human to kind of like
interact with the with the model with
the changes the model makes um and uh
and it will birth new product form
factors like artifacts and I think
that's what our team spends a lot of
time thinking about um and that's what
gets us like super excited
>> yeah anything on the near horizon to
tease otherwise um
>> just imagine just imagine um experiences
will get much faster
um experiences. The model will be able
to do more capable and complex tasks. Um
and expect to be grabbing coffee very
frequently while building software.
>> Pin, thanks for doing this. This was a
ton of fun. Um I feel like folks are
going to love Google Anti-gravity. Uh
Agy is is the coolest acronym ever. Um
and I'm excited for my AGY swag. So you
and the team owe me a bunch of stuff. Um
and yeah, thanks for thanks for spending
the time doing this.
>> This is awesome. Thanks a lot for having
me, Logan.
>> Yeah, of course. And thanks everyone for
watching release notes. We'll we'll see
you in the next episode.
>> [music]