When everyone is talking about Google's Gemini 
3 Pro launch release, Google has also launched  
a revolutionary product which is their own 
IDE which they call it antigravity. So this  
is quite similar to cursor but it comes with a 
lot of amazing features that even cursor doesn't  
have. So to put it as an example, we can literally 
screenshot a particular place on the website that  
you are building and you can ask antigravity to 
change this particular part by giving a prompt.  
So this is quite similar to using the generative 
fill feature in Photoshop but for development of  
websites. And apart from this, I also said in the 
video that multiple agents can work parallelly on  
their tasks. So let's see how we can download and 
use it in this video. So here's the official tweet  
and if you scroll down we are having the link 
to download and it is available for Mac, Windows  
and Linux. That's great. So now just Google 
antigravity you'll be getting the first link.  
Select this and if you want to read more about 
this this is the official blog. If you want you  
can just give a read of all the features that they 
are having. So let's just go back and here we are  
having the download option and we are having for 
Mac different variants. For Windows also we are  
having for the different variants and for Linux 
also. So I'll just go with Windows and once the  
download is complete just open it. It is around 
150 MB in size and click on I accept and next. And  
this is going to be the default location. If you 
want to change it, you can change it. Next again.  
And these are fine. And check this for a desktop 
icon. And you can even like add this. Click on  
next. And just check all the stuff and click 
on install. Once the installation is complete,  
just check this and click on finish. So we are 
getting the setup. Just click on next. And if you  
want to like import any settings from VS Code, you 
can do it. I'll just go with start fresh and next.  
And let me go with the dark theme. Next. And we 
are getting some options. How do you want to use  
the anti-gravity agent? So I will just go with the 
default one. And click on next. And everything is  
filed. It says install seven extensions. Yep, I'm 
fine with that. Next. And we need to sign in with  
your Google account to access it. So just click 
on sign in and just click on next. And that's it.  
We have got the interface over here. I think 
it's basically a fork on Visual Studio Code.  
Like the interface looks exactly the same. And we 
are having the browser preview. Yeah. And this is  
a place where we'll be like typing and asking. So 
at the moment we're having Gemini 3 Pro low high  
set 4.5 and it's also having the GPT OSS. If you 
remember this was the open-source model launched  
by OpenAI. That's interesting. So I have just 
opened an empty folder over here. And here we are  
having two main agentic modes. One is switch to 
agent manager and another one is code with agent.  
So I will just click on the keys control and L. So 
this basically is the normal chat interface that  
we are getting where we can just you know give the 
context of a file or directly give our prompts and  
instructions to generate code. So this is code 
with agent and the main feature that anti-gravity  
comes is with switch to agent manager. So I'll 
just press the keys control and E. So we will  
be getting this separate popup and this is where 
we give instructions to generate multiple agents  
with different tasks. So when I tried using the 
Gemini models over here, I got some quota limit  
exceeded. So do try it out and let me know 
in the comments. Do check the playlist of  
the channel. Done a lot of videos in programming 
and AI tools. Subscribe me. Thanks for watching.