Welcome to anti-gravity. Now this is the
new IDE from Google. Now of course it's
not new for Google. They have built
multiple IDs for different use cases but
this is a AI powered IDE. Now again this
is not the first time we are getting
this type of ids from any other company
or maybe even for Google but this is a
standalone ID which you can run on your
machine. Now it is AI powered. So of
course you can use AI agents. it will
help it will be your assistant AI
assistant when you're building project.
uh but let's see how it works and before
we do that I just want to show you using
this you can build different kind of
applications maybe front end fullstack
applications and interestingly pricing
this is free to start with I mean for
individual they are saying uh it's free
but I'm not sure till when it will be
free but at this point it's free again
they're into testing phase uh the team
plan enterprise plan is not there yet
it's just released and how to download
it's very simple you can just click on
download here and you will at the
version on your machine. Now, one of the
thing about anti-gravity is it is also
based on let me show you. So, this is
the anti-gravity when you download and
install. Uh the only thing is if you
want to use this, you have to log into
your account a Google account then only
you can use it. But if you go to help
and about this is based on the
opensource version of VS code. So again
there are multiple IDEs AI based ids
which are based on VS code. So if you
are used to VS code you will know how to
use it. So this is the screen where you
can write the code. You got the project.
So you just have to open the folder. I
got a folder called test anti-gravity.
Uh and this is where you can write your
requirements right or the prompts. Now
in the prompt you can see we have option
of planning and fast. So basically this
is almost same as ask and uh agent mode.
But then in the planning it also acts
like a agent mode where it will show you
the entire steps and I'll show you the
steps in some time. But what makes this
IDE better than the other IDs? Two
things. One is the agent manager and
second is the inbuilt browser. So if you
want to do some UI testing and uh you
can ask the browser to do it for you. I
have not tested it yet in that sense but
uh okay you have to add extension as
well. We'll do that. So I will open the
agent manager here and basically you can
work with multiple projects at the same
time. So you can create multiple agents
for multiple projects and you can switch
between the projects there. Uh this is
my workspace and I can type the thing
here or I can type the code there. You
can change the model. So you got Germany
3 pro which is a very good model. But if
you want to use set you can try that. Uh
you can use GPD the oss and you can also
use that. Okay. But I will not be
working in the agent manager at this
point. I will just stick to the agent
mode here. So let me create a simple
project and the project may be for the
personal finance. Okay. So I want to
know where I'm spending money from where
I'm getting the money uh so that I can
plan it better. So I want to say build a
personal finance app using Python fast
API and react in front end. Okay. I
should be able to uh declare it and uh
debit and show weekly report. Okay.
Okay. So this this is the plan. Okay.
And of course you can customize it. But
then the beautiful thing about this is
when you when you go into the planning
phase. Let me click here. It will show
you the entire plan. So uh it will go
step by step. So it's analyzing the
project structure and uh it will create
a initial blueprint. Okay. Looks good.
It's still thinking. But it will start
assigning tasks as well. Okay. This was
I was talking about. Uh so if you
dismiss this, so this is the task it's
going to complete. is going to create a
new uh project which will have this
files which is main model schema
database in the front end it will do all
the structure
and it is going to use ubicon to run
this I'm just concerned which package
manager it is going to use let's see so
I will click on
uh okay I could also submit the command
in fact you can add the command I'm not
sure which package manager it's going to
use so I will specifically ask it to use
Choose UV
package manager and you can add the
comment and it will use it. So I'll
click on proceed. Now it might change
the plan. I'm not sure what it was
thinking when it was creating the
project. I mean what package man is
going to use but based on my command is
it might change its process. So you can
see somewhere it is mentioned updating
the implementation plan to include UV as
a package manager. Okay. So it is
adopting the commands as well and this
is helpful right? The one of the problem
with the wipe coding which we say is
when you build a project it will give
you the project and then it will take a
lot of time to debug it. It might not
follow the plan. Uh but when you see the
plan when you see the task you can
actually select the task and you can add
comments there. What are things you have
to want to modify. Uh and now this is
the implementation plan it's going to go
with. And I think I'm okay with the plan
and I can start this. So it's
implementing now. Okay. It says it's got
the green light. Okay. So it will create
different folder structure, right? And I
just have to accept it. If you don't
want to wait for the steps, you can go
into the fast mode where it will do
everything for you. Uh but I will stick
to the planning mode and Okay. Accept
this. Except this. Okay. So a prompt
model trying to start a new
conversation. Okay. There was some
issue. Is it still continuing? Okay.
What a time to get the error. I'll say
continue. So maybe there was some issue.
So I should have read the error
properly. Okay, it says add the Python
extension. Again, this is given by the
ID, not by the agents. Uh I don't want
to do that. So you can see it is slowly
creating all the folder structure. It's
not touching the UI at this point. It's
only focusing on the back end. I mean
that's how the things should go and okay
it's editing the file adding some things
again something similar which we see in
the other ids and now it's starting with
the front end. Let me accept that
install with npm. Yes, not given the
prompt yet. Agent terminated due to
error. Okay, I'm not sure if if the
Google team when they were demoing this,
they got the error, but I'm getting a
lot of errors. Not sure why.
Maybe this is a feedback for them. So,
front end is also ready. I just want to
check the versions. Uh, okay. Looks
good. Version looks good. And we got all
the files here. Okay, so now it says run
the command. Yes, except. Okay, so it it
found some errors and it should be able
to uh solve that now. So by time it is
happening, I can open the agent manager
and I can start with the new project or
I can say add a cloud monitor. Yeah,
this is what I was expecting but it's
going to change the architecture. Okay,
it's doing this task. So once it is
complete, I think it will put that into
inbox that your task is completed and it
will give some suggestions. But by the
time it is happening, I will just accept
it here. And again, there's a error. Not
sure what the error is. Let me know when
you try this on your machine. Are you
facing any issues? Let me know in the
comments.
Okay, let's
run this accept. Okay, now it will use
the browser to test it. So, let me set
up the browser and I have to add the
extension.
Add to Chrome. Okay, I have to sign in
here as well. I thought it will use my
default browser. It's not doing that.
Okay. So, it found the error and then it
will start debugging it now. So, we
don't have to actually click anywhere.
It will just do it automatically. So,
it's clicking somewhere. I'm not sure
where. Back view.
So, when you see this blue borders, that
means it is doing something with the UI.
Okay. It's making a lot of changes. I
should have went for the fast mode.
Okay. Again, error. So let's see what
the troubleshooting guide says. Okay,
they don't have much. Okay, no problem.
Let's continue. So when you get error,
you ask the AI tool to solve it and AI
itself is giving you an error. So are we
successfully failing to demo the
anti-gravity? Still working out. Still
working out. Is it because it is
interfering with my two projects? I
don't think so. We started this later
and this is currently working. This has
just stopped. So it will ask my
permissions and what to do. So that will
go ahead. But yeah, looks looks good.
Okay. Uh restarting front end server,
verifying functionality, creating.
Okay, looks good. We walk through. And
now if I just click this. Okay, I think
there's something wrong with the CSS and
we can just test it out there. But if I
add a transaction, so let's say I'm
adding a transaction of I received
$1,000 from somewhere and then this was
my uh freelance work. Some description
add transaction. Okay, great. Just went
up. It was 5,000. Now it became 6,000.
So working is there and it is
maintaining this. How do I get the
weekly report? There's no button for the
weekly report. Oh, this is a weekly
report itself. Okay, I can just test it.
I can ask use your browser testing to
check something is wrong
with layout. Okay, let's see if it is
using the browser to check it properly.
Okay, so you can see blue borders it is
it will do the things by itself now. So
that's their goal. Okay, we don't have
to do anything apart from accepting what
they what the changes they are trying to
make. Or maybe this was the plan UI from
from uh Germany. I should have said I
need a proper UI. Okay, it found the
error. It created the error. But this
changes which you made is giving me an
error. Solve it like it's not doing
anything and the blank front end. Run
the project.
I mean the project is running otherwise
we could have got some other error
except some changes. Nothing in the
front end yet. Maybe it's also true for
the AI. If something is working, don't
touch. Oh, okay. I fix the layout
issues. Refactor. The project is
running. You can check now. Project is
still okay. Uh, yeah, this is running
now. But I can change the layout the way
I want. Uh, I can say modernize the
layout
but keep it simple. Let's see. And while
the happening, let me just check out the
backend files. The model it is going to
follow. So, transactions.
Okay, they're using SQL Alchemy and uh
so they got three APIs for the
transaction post, get and weekly report.
Okay, perfect. And
for the CR operations, these are the
methods for the CRUD. Looks good. Okay,
the code looks good compared to what AI
normally generates. So, accept all the
changes and it broke.
Okay.
Is it running with those changes? No.
Error in front end.
So, normally you don't have to copy
paste the code. It will do it for you.
But you got the gist, right? So, it
basically run through the UI using the
browser and it will make the changes.
So, made some changes in the UI file and
it's blank. Okay. UI is blank.
and error. So I'll say continue. This is
the worst product review or maybe the
best one
because things are not working. Please
try again later. Oh, because the model
provide is overloaded.
Now I saw the error
because of of the huge demand. Okay,
it's testing it. If this looks good, I
I'm going to use it. I need to spend I
need to monitor my money. It's going.
Let's see if it can solve its own bug.
So accept the changes. Did some changes.
Okay. Finally, finally we got the UI. So
you can add the transaction. It will
look here. And then this is the total
credit, total debit. I got this much of
balance.
Okay. Looks good. Looks good. This is
what you can do with this. And uh one of
the best thing about this again this is
not you can only do it with this. There
are multiple uh AI based ids available
but this planning which it was showing
is amazing and next time I will wait for
Google to sponsor the videos. So we have
got work through we got the browser in
build. So it looks good. So let me know
your thoughts in the comment section and
try it out. Uh I'm not sure if I'm going
to use it for Java but I should try
that. So today we tried with Python and
React. Maybe I'll try it with Java as
well and we'll let you know in the
comments how was my experience. Let know
your comments.